You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.
Fashion changes, but style endures.
Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening.
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn
Girls do not dress for boys. They dress for themselves and, of course, each other. If girls dressed for boys they’d just walk around naked at all times.
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it.
I wanted to give a woman comfortable clothes that would flow with her body. A woman is closest to being naked when she is well-dressed.
People who do a job that claims to be creative have to be alone to recharge their batteries. You can’t live 24 hours a day in the spotlight and remain creative. For people like me, solitude is a victory.
Oh, never mind the fashion. When one has a style of one's own, it is always twenty times better.
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Speed eliminates all doubt. Am I smart enough? Will people like me? Do I really look all right in this plastic jumpsuit?
A respectable appearance is sufficient to make people more interested in your soul
Consider the fact that maybe…just maybe…beauty and worth aren’t found in a makeup bottle, or a salon-fresh hairstyle, or a fabulous outfit. Maybe our sparkle comes from somewhere deeper inside, somewhere so pure and authentic and REAL, it doesn’t need gloss or polish or glitter to shine.
Where's the man that could ease a heart like a satin gown?
I love the confidence that makeup gives me.
Luxury is the ease of a t-shirt in a very expensive dress.
There is no better designer than nature.
It's not very easy to grow up into a woman. We are always taught, almost bombarded, with ideals of what we should be at every age in our lives: "This is what you should wear at age twenty", "That is what you must act like at age twenty-five", "This is what you should be doing when you are seventeen." But amidst all the many voices that bark all these orders and set all of these ideals for girls today, there lacks the voice of assurance. There is no comfort and assurance. I want to be able to say, that there are four things admirable for a woman to be, at any age! Whether you are four or forty-four or nineteen! It's always wonderful to be elegant, it's always fashionable to have grace, it's always glamorous to be brave, and it's always important to own a delectable perfume! Yes, wearing a beautiful fragrance is in style at any age!
Sometimes comfort doesn't matter. When a shoe is freakin' fabulous, it may be worth a subsequent day of misery. Soak in Epsom salts and take comfort in the fact that you're better than everyone else.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
You make all the fashion statements just by dressing up your mind.
In the fashion industry, everything goes retro except the prices.
The most important thing to wear is a smile.
Fashion does not have to prove that it is serious. It is the proof that intelligent frivolity can be something creative and positive
You cannot fake chic but you﻿ can be chic and fake fur
I've no idea when I'm going to wear it, the girl replied calmly. I only knew that I had to have it. Once I tried it on, well... She shrugged. The dress claimed me.
That was when I first observed a phenomenon I now call the "New York Slide": you offer your words to try to communicate and connect with someone, but your words just hit a brick wall the person has erected to ward off human contact- the words slide down it and roll away.
I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored.
I have been to lots of partiesand acted perfectly disgracefulbut I never actually collapsedoh Lana Turner we love you get up
One should either be a work of art, or wear a work of art.
Logos and branding are so important. In a big part of the world, people cannot read French or English--but are great in remembering signs
No need for everyone to look the same. The secret is to wear what suits you best!
What a strange power there is in clothing.
Never in all her life had she imagined that this idolized millinery could look, to those who paid for it, like the decorations of an insane monkey.
Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.
I never saw anybody take so long to dress, and with such little result.
I had an interview once with some German journalist—some horrible, ugly woman. It was in the early days after the communists—maybe a week after—and she wore a yellow sweater that was kind of see-through. She had huge tits and a huge black bra, and she said to me, ‘It’s impolite; remove your glasses.’ I said, ‘Do I ask you to remove your bra?
If you stick to something doggedly, you are off to a bad start.
For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them
Fashion Fact: Most people make the assumption that I wear trendy shades the majority of the time (often indoors) to protect my eyes from the elements. But in fact it's the reverse. I'm protecting the elements from the brilliance of my eyes.
	I want to find a designer that can represent me. I want to find a celebrity that reflects me.	So far I’ve been dressing in cotton-polyester blends.	It’s what Jerffrey Dahmer wore.
The elegance is as physical, as moral quality that has nothing common with the clothing. You can see a countrywoman more elegant than one so called elegant woman.
The believer is not a slave to fashion.
Clothes as text, clothes as narration, clothes as a story. Clothes as the story of our lives. And if you were to gather all the clothes you have ever owned in all your life, each baby shoe and winter coat and wedding dress, you would have your autobiography.
The fashionable woman wears clothes. The clothes don't wear her.
We men had a meeting a long time ago, and we all decided, 'It's trousers'. And that's what we've worn ever since.
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
My role in all of this is very simple. I make clothing like armor. My clothing protects you from unwelcome eyes.
Whenever I see people with their collars up, I'm tempted to point it out to them like you would for someone who has a food stain on their shirt or food in their teeth, as if to say, 'Your fashion sense is so offensive I'm assuming it's some sort of accident you'll want to fix.
Our clothes are too much a part of us for most of us ever to be entirely indifferent to their condition: it is as though the fabric were indeed a natural extension of the body, or even of the soul.
The problem of what to wear while lolling about the house on a Sunday afternoon is becoming more and more acute as the fashions in lolling garments change. The American home is in danger of taking on the appearance of an Oriental bordello.
Let's face it -- if I could scrap in a full-length bodysuit, I would.
Your own gown is most delicately suitable, both to the occasion and to yourself,' to be translated: Your gown is insipid and entirely forgettable. If you wear it on every other occasion this entire season, no one will notice or care.
Style is all about how you carry yourself and project yourself to the world. More than what you're wearing, it's about an overall attitude and sense of ease with yourself.
True, in her gown she had a fuller figure—but cltohes make some things smaller, some things bigger.
As it turns out, not being distracted by constant Snapchats from Steph means I’m actually getting lots of stuff done. I bet having a fight with her best mate is how Coco Chanel got started.
The classic must-haves: Claasic high-heeled pumpBallet FlatsTrench coatClassic white shirtThe little black dressCashmere Cardigan/turtleneckA great bagDenim
That’s the business, Iris. It’s a ruth- less industry. People’s love lasts but one season.
Your brain combines with everything. Use it.
She was crying over shoes. I wanted to slap her. I wanted to take those shoes and smash her head in.
I wanted to devise a torture device that made Celia ride until she died. Or better yet, start my own class: Psycho Cycle. It’d be the ideal workout for today’s woman: half the class has to get away from crazed killers (spoiler alert: they die), and the rest of us come out looking like Kaia Gerber. Million-dollar idea.
I wondered what would shut her up the fastest: smashing her head through the glass window or agreeing with her. I decided to go with the latter. Why ruin her pretty face?
This was life; shit happens. You either dealt with it and went back to wearing Gucci, or you curled up in a ball and waited to die. Only the strong survived.
Crime shows make you think every homicide will be solved thanks to a stray hair, a random skin cell. It wasn’t real. Nothing was as advanced as what we saw on TV.
Style bloggers were just so impermanent these days. One day they’re on top of the world, the next, they’re toe up in the morgue.
True sensuality is classy.
My philosophy is if living 'the good life' or 'sensually nourishing life' is not at the top of your priority list, you are letting your life pass you by.
Or, so I thought it could all make sense if I felt it all the way through, no matter which direction or sense of purpose. What started me on this insane path to begin with? Women, death or luck; perhaps all threeI knew that much, this nuke dream filled with silver wet screens. California was on fire, my heart was racing and I thought it was still about to make sense at any moment until I was a tidal wave of matrix information approaching the beach I stood upon.
... in high fashion - it's rarely an art, as most people don't have the taste, money, or time.
I'm at the mall the other day and there's a 'brow bar.' To get your eyebrows shaped inside the makeup department. Right by the door where everyone is coming and going, can you imagine? There is no feminine mystique left. Remember how we were taught not to have our Mary Janes so polished that a boy could see up our dresses? Now they wear their underwear instead of clothes. No need for boys to peek any longer.
The average woman falls in love seven times a year. Only six are with shoes.
The kitchen is your natural setting as a woman and you should look beautiful, not bedraggled, in it. Whether you go to work or work at home- or both- take advantage of the opportunity the kitchen offers for expressing your wifely qualities in what you wear. Pinafores, organdies, and aprons look wonderful, as do gay cotton wrap-arounds that slip on over your dress while you make breakfast. Too much attention is paid to kitchen equipment and decor; too little to what is worn in this setting. Why look like Cinderella's crotchety stepmother when you can be a lyrical embodiment of all that a home and hearth means!
The worst mistake you can make is to force yourself to shop. The most important part of shopping is your frame of mind. How can you make a proper choice if you feel like the mistreated heroine of a soap opera?A frivolous hat or other bit of forbidden fruit are ideal for beating the blues, but stay out of the dress and coat departments until you feel enthusiastic. If your body isn't attuned to fashion, you won't look right in anything. And if you're depressed because you've gained a few pounds, don't buy something too small to grow down to. Lose the few pounds first then go shopping. Remember, diets always start tomorrow.
Nothing spoils an outfit more than time-worn shoes and shoes which are obviously out of style. Since shoes are made in such an enormous range of color, fabric, and type, don't buy them to last forever.
When your husband's eyes light up as he comes in at night, you're in sad shape if it's only because he smells dinner cooking.
You want adaptability in what you're wearing and freedom of movement. You can have all these advantages at your fingertips by carrying a tote bag- which I sincerely believe is the best thing that's happened to women since the vote.
Courage and discretion go hand in hand: the courage to dare to be yourself, the discretion not to overdo; the courage to do something unusual, the discretion to temper it.
I design clothes because I don’t want women to look all innocent and naïve… I want woman to look stronger… I don’t like women to be taken advantage of… I don’t like men whistling at women in the street. I think they deserve more respect. I like men to keep their distance from women, I like men to be stunned by an entrance. I’ve seen a woman get nearly beaten to death by her husband. I know what misogyny is… I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
I have two wardrobes. One, the clothes I wear everyday, is made up mostly of dark denim jeans, black T-shirts, and, for special occasions, dress shirts. These clothes shroud my cowardice. These are the clothes I feel safe in. This is the armor I wear to face the world, and I assure you, armor is needed. I tell myself this armor is all I need. When I wear my typical uniform, it feels like safety, like I can hide in plain sight. I become less of a target. I am taking up space, but I am doing so in an unassuming manner so I am less of a problem, less of a disturbance. This is what I tell myself. My other wardrobe, the one that dominates most of my closet, is full of the clothes I don't have the courage to wear.
Fashion is an emotional theater through which we carry ourselves in a scenic stage where we get to be a representative of the world. Nothing beats the feeling of conveying a message through one’s imagination, design, and motivating others to live a meaningful life. To me, that is sexy.
In this smart age, Love is passion for some and fashion for some
Fashion is my caffeine fix
Style is the way to say who you are without speaking
Before you leave the house, look in the mirror and take one thing off.
Beautiful people don't need coats. They've got their auras keeping them warm.
The world conforms people to a certain way of thinking and living through external influences such as advertising and fashion. But believers are being transformed by an indwelling life according to the divine 'DNA' from within.
Madeline stood before him in a gown of rich, emerald-green silk. The low-cut bodice did miraculous things for her bosom, and the vibrant color made a striking contrast with her pale skin and dark hair. And her lips... something about the green brought out their richness. They looked like two lush slices of a ripened plum.His mouth watered.
If there was a dress that could make a fashion-appreciative girl out of me, this was it. The colors shimmered from gunmetal to pewter, reminding me of frost on the hedgerows where the light caught. The V of the neck decoratively dipped towards what Martha told me was an empty line, where organza, the color of stormy skies, fell all the way to the floor.
With a curt nod, Vane strode in. And stopped dead.Patience was in the hall, waiting- the sight literally stole his breath. As his gaze, helplessly, slid over her, over the soft green merino pelisse, severely cut and snugly fitted, its upstanding collar framing her face, over the tan gloves and half boots, over the pale green skirts peeking beneath the pelisse's hem, Vane felt something inside him tighten, click, and lock.Breathing was suddenly more difficult than if someone had buried a fist in his gut.Her hair, glinting in the light streaming in through the door, was coiffed differently, to more artfully draw attention to her wide golden eyes, to the creaminess of her forehead and cheeks, and the delicate yet determined line of her jaw. And the soft vulnerability of her lips.
When perception, thoughtfulness and understanding do meet, we can fashion a range of viable expectations and craft a world of togetherness. ("Morning after")
It's all possible and I'm living proof.
Style never speaks, but somehow is always saying something.
The dressmakers have just arrived from Shylon; they are coming here to display their goods.’‘Really, that’s lovely.’‘I was wondering if I could have some money, please.’ ‘What’s the point in having your own money if you’re just going to spend mine?’ ‘Yeah, but the amount of dresses I’m planning to buy, I might not have enough.’ ‘Then buy an amount you can afford.’ Ratilla responded bearing an expression of incredulity. ‘Oh Rat.’ Tizi said as she pouted, conjuring a mournful expression. ‘I just want to look pretty, what will they say if the wife of the Imperial Chancellor is clothed in rags? I’m only trying to play my part as the wife of the great Ratilla.’ Tizi said, her eyes full of misery, as Ratilla shook his head and chuckled.
Every thought in his head disappeared the moment Vivien appeared and a collective sigh of admiration escaped the servants. She made her way downstairs unescorted, wearing a glimmering bronze gown that swirled around her hips and legs as if it were liquid metal. No other color could have brought out the richness of her hair or the peaches and cream of her complexion half so well. The low, scooped bodice pushed the mounds of her breasts up and together in a display that literally made Grant's mouth water. Swallowing hard, he stared at her while the brandy snifter wobbled precariously in his fingers. He was hardly aware of Kellow tactfully removing it from his unsteady grasp.The short, full sleeves exposed the curves of Vivien's shoulders, while her arms were encased in full-length white gloves. A French silk scarf of bronze trimmed in gold was draped loosely around her elbows. The only ornamentation on the gown was a stomacher of woven gold and bronze, cinched just above her small waist.
While the man is putting on it's shoes, the woman can buy dozens of high heels.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
It is simple as this: she has a complicated life and her clothes can't help but show it. It is all part of her unique disheveled glamour.
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance.
With right fashion, every female would be a flame.
A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
As the final decade of the millennium dawned, there would be no greater expression of the cultural, economic, and social revolutions to come than fashion. What rock 'n' roll was to the '50s, drugs to the '60s, film to the '70s, and modern art to the '80s, fashion was to the '90s: the fuse, then the filter.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
True friends are like diamonds – bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style.
Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman.
I love new clothes. If everyone could just wear new clothes everyday, I reckon depression wouldn’t exist anymore.
Like fashion, torture comes in a variety of styles.
You're not gay, are you?"Simon's greenish color deepened. "If I were, I would dress better.
The human body is the best work of art.
It would be mortifying to the feelings of many ladies, could they be made to understand how little the heart of a man is affected by what is costly or new in their attire... Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.
There is no color to known to beauty except elegance.
A woman who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
Bow ties are cool.
And now, I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.
A girl’s got to use what she’s given and I’m not going to make a guy drool the way a Britney video does. So I take it to extremes. I don’t say I dress sexily on stage - what I do is so extreme. It’s meant to make guys think: ‘I don’t know if this is sexy or just weird.
I don't do fashion, I AM fashion.
You cannot choose your face but you can choose your dress.
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick.
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. 
Some of the worst mistakes in my life were haircuts
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Don't buy much but make sure that what you buy is good.
Women think of all colors except the absence of color. I have said that black has it all. White too. Their beauty is absolute. It is the perfect harmony.
It is ever so much easier to be good if your clothes are fashionable.
I don't believe in fashion. I believe in costume. Life is too short to be same person every day.
He'd changed since the last summer. Instead of Bermuda shorts and a T-shirt, he wore a button-down shirt, khaki pants, and leather loafers. His sandy hair, which used to be so unruly, was now clipped short. He look like an evil male model, showing off what the fashionable college-age villain was wearing to Harvard this year.
Even on the most solemn occasions I got away without wearing socks and hid that lack of civilization in high boots
You've got pretty good taste." She pulled out a suit, looked at it, put it back, pulled out another. "I can remember, you always wore good suits, good-looking suits, even before you were rich.""I like suits," he said. "They feel good. I like Italian suits, actually. I've had a couple of British suits, and they were okay, but they felt ... constructed. Like I was wearing a building. But the Italians - they know how to make a suit.""Ever try French suits?""Yeah, three or four times. They're okay, but a little ... sharp-looking. They made me feel like a watch salesman.""How about American suits?":Efficient," he said. "Do the job; don't feel like much. You always wear an American suit if you don't want people to notice you.
Elegance is refusal.
Never use the word “cheap”. Today everybody can look chic in inexpensive clothes (the rich buy them too). There is good clothing design on every level today. You can be the chicest thing in the world in a T-shirt and jeans — it’s up to you.
Adornment, what a science! Beauty, what a weapon! Modesty, what elegance!
He’s always asking: ‘Is that new? I haven’t seen that before.’ It’s like, Why don’t you mind your own business? Solve world hunger. Get out of my closet.
[Piper] rushed to get dressed. By the time she got up on deck, the others had already gathered—all hastily dressed except for Coach Hedge, who had pulled the night watch. Frank’s Vancouver Winter Olympics shirt was inside out. Percy wore pajama pants and a bronze breastplate, which was an interesting fashion statement. Hazel’s hair was all blown to one side as though she’d walked through a cyclone; and Leo had accidentally set himself on fire. His T-shirt was in charred tatters. His arms were smoking.
Every fashion is temporary but the concept of fashion is permanent!
Create your own style… let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.
What fun is it being cool if you can't wear a sombrero?
She was wearing a purple T-shirt, with a skinny black dress over it that made you remember how much of a girl she was, and trashed black boots that made you forget.
When a girl feels that she’s perfectly groomed and dressed she can forget that part of her. That’s charm
[how can anyone] be silly enough to think himself better than other people, because his clothes are made of finer woolen thread than theirs. After all, those fine clothes were once worn by a sheep, and they never turned it into anything better than a sheep.
Fashion is everything that goes out of fashion.
We live in a dark and romantic and quite tragic world.
Fashions fade, style is eternal.
So how was Christmas for you guys? Did you all get lots of nice black t-shirts?
It’s always about timing. If it’s too soon, no one understands. If it’s too late, everyone’s forgotten.
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are.
And again and again, why, oh why, Joe Rosenthal, were you so surprised when skirts got long and waists natural? For three long years it had been coming. It was a style, Mr. Rosenthal. Style is never unpredictable. But Rosenthal and Levine are not occupied with style. They believe that everything changes twice a year and they want it to. Otherwise people wouldn't have to buy so many clothes. Nor are the manufacturers occupied with quality because it wears and makes future buying unnecessary. They are not concerned with whether clothes are useful or beautiful or functional. That, apparently, is not a part of their job.
Fashion has two purposes: comfort and love. Beauty comes when fashion succeeds.
Black is modest and arrogant at the same time. Black is lazy and easy - but mysterious. But above all black says this: "I don’t bother you - don’t bother me".
There is one other reason for dressing well, namely that dogs respect it, and will not attack you in good clothes.
The loner who looks fabulous is one of the most vulnerable loners of all.
Sweatpants are a sign of defeat. You lost control of your life so you bought some sweatpants.
I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth.
You know the old adage: give a woman a bag and she'll fill it for a day. Teach a woman to pack and she'll fill every damn bag she owns (or something of that ilk).
I'd wear any of my private attire for the world to see. But I would rather have an open flesh wound than ever wear a band aid in public.
Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.
I'll never wake up in a good mood again.I'm tired of these stinky boots
Fashion is a language that creates itself in clothes to interpret reality.
Being classy is my teenage rebellion.
ليس له رأى خاص .. ولكنه يمشي مع الموضة
I'm sure they didn't notice anything but you. You should wear flames more often," he says. "They suit you.
I like to reinvent myself — it’s part of my job.
Alla andra kvinnor "mixar och matchar" och "kompletterar sin basgarderob". Och jag? Min favvotrend är att "mixa de renaste plaggen".
A beautiful dress may look beautiful on a hanger, but that means nothing. It must be seen on the shoulders, with the movement of the arms, the legs, and the waist.
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.
Come now, Tichy. For half a century civilization hasn't been left to its own devices. A hundred years ago a certain Dior was dictating fashions in clothing. Today this sort of regulating has embraced all walks of life. If prostheticism is voted in, I assure you, in a couple of years everyone will consider the possession of a soft, hairy, sweating body to be shameful and indecent. A body needs washing, deodorizing, caring for, and even then it breaks down, while in a prostheticized society you can snap on the loveliest creations of modern engineering. What woman doesn't want to have silver iodide instead of eyes, telescoping breasts, angel's wings, iridescent legs, and feet that sing with every step?
What do women want? Shoes.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
As she always did on any really important day, Penelope Hayes wore red.
These jeans looked so good on me when I looked in the mirror I wanted to fuck myself.
Style jazzes up your canvas.
I want everyone to wear what they want and mix it in their own way. That, to me, is what is modern.
Whoever said that money can't buy happiness, simply didn't know where to go shopping
It costs a lot of money to look this cheap
Reinvent new combinations of what you already own. Improvise. Become more creative. Not because you have to, but because you want to. Evolution is the secret for the next step.
Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps.
Carlota, as filhas princesas e outras damas da corte tinham desembarcado com as cabeças raspadas ou cabelos curtos, protegidas por turbantes, devido à infestação de piolhos que havia assolado os navios durante a viagem. Tobias Monteiro conta que, ao ver as princesas assim cobertas, as mulheres do Rio de Janeiro tiveram uma reação surpreendente. Acharam que aquela seria a última moda na Europa. Dentro de pouco tempo, quase todas elas passaram a cortar os cabelos e a usar turbantes para imitar as nobres portuguesas
Mistrust all enterprises that require new clothes.
The woman is the most perfect doll that i have dressed with delight and admiration.
I am a fashion person, and fashion is not only about clothes -- it's about all kinds of change
this blue shirt i have is practically the same color as my jeans, and looking all-blue is something only cookie monster can pull off.
It was a mating dance only slightly more dignified than presenting like a mandrill, but endearing in its own fashion.
High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
Fine clothes may disguise, but silly words will disclose a fool
It was my friend Frank, a writer in San Francisco, who finally set me straight. When asked about my new look he put down his fork and stared at me for a few moments. "A bow tie announces to the world you can no longer get an erection.
People always ask me how long it takes to do my hair. I don’t know, I’m never there.
He might have lost his mind, but never his fashion sense.
I don’t think there’s anything wrong with telling the truth. I know it isn’t fashionable.
...you don't have to be perfect to be pretty
Are you in fashion? You look like you're in fashion.""No," [Magnus] said. "I am fashion.
I believe that treating other people well is a lost art.
If you cannot walk more than a block in your shoes, they are not shoes; they are pretty sculptures that you happen to have attached to your feet. You could hang them from your wrists for all the good they are doing you in terms of locomotion. Better to put them on a shelf and admire them from afar.
Ladies should also remember that gentlemen look more to the effect of a dress in setting off the figure and countenance of a lady than to its cost. Very few gentlemen have any idea the value of ladies' dresses. This is a subject for female criticism. Beauty of person and elegance of manners in women will always command more admiration from the opposite sex than beauty, elegance or costliness of clothing."The Scholars' Companion and Ball Room Vade MecumThomas Hillgrove, 1857
Vain trifles as they seem, clothes have, they say, more important offices than to merely keep us warm. They change our view of the world and the world's view of us.
Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability
Like all great things which then become fashions, science, as now the universal stamp of approval, probably receives more abuse than any other field of study. Glaze the word itself over whatever vague ideology one may presume ratified, no matter the degree of pseudo-science or lack of scholarly credibility packaged within, and the many will consume it like gravy on a feast. My thought for the time is that as the promise of true science increases, so shall rise its many more superficial counterparts as provided by the agenda-bound trendies and hyper-ambitious laypersons to boot.
A woman's dress should be like a barbed-wire fence: serving its purpose without obstructing the view.
Clearly the sight of a well-muscled forearm incited a woman to utter depravity. How else to explain the invention of cuffs?
When does a fake Mohawk become a real Mohawk? Who decides? How do you know if it's happened?
You look... amazing!" And I have to say, I agree. I'm wearing all black - but expensive black. The kind of deep, soft black that you fall into. A simple sleeveless dress from Whistles, the highest of Jimmy Choos, a pair of stunning uncut amethyst earrings. And please don't ask how much it all cost, because that's irrelevant. This is investment shopping. The biggest investment of my life. I haven't eaten anything all day so I'm nice and thin and for once my hair has fallen perfectly into shape. I look... well, I've never looked better in my life.But of course, looks are only part of the package, aren't they?
Nothing is more hip than a corpse. The style is timeless. Death is trending.
The woman who emerged had to be eight feet tall. Her hair was every shade of purple, piled in buns and hanging in braids, and all of it sprinkled with gems like stars.
It's not a concert you are seeing, it's a fashion show.
Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.
I don't suppose I can wear the flamingo tie," he said as he pulled on black socks. "It's a bit festive, given the occasion," I responded. "Can't wear it to the opera," said the Colonel, almost smiling. "Can't wear it to a funeral. Can't use it to hang myself. It's a bit useless, as ties go." I gave him a tie.
Do what makes you happy;Be with who makes you smile;Laugh as much as you breathe;&amp; love as long as you live.
Killing animals to make a fashion statement = a sickening + cold-blooded vanity.
God desires to use you is to use you in the best possible fashion.
You could dress it up with a sequined headband,” Magnus suggested, offering his boyfriend something blue and sparkly. “Just a thought.” “Resist the urge, Alec.” Simon was sitting on the edge of a low wall with Maia beside him, though she appeared to be deep in conversation with Aline. “You’ll look like Olivia Newton-John in Xanadu.” “There are worse things,” Magnus observed.
Oliver liked to play the part of disaffected youth, but he liked shopping in SoHo even more.
Feminism and femininity are not mutually exclusive. It is misogynistic to suggest that they are. Sadly, women have learned to be ashamed and apologetic about pursuits that are seen as traditionally female, such as fashion and makeup. But our society does not expect men to feel ashamed of pursuits considered generally male - sports cars, certain professional sports. In the same way, men's grooming is never suspect in the way women's grooming is - a well-dressed man does not worry that, because he is dressed well, certain assumptions might be made about his intelligence, his ability, or his seriousness. A woman, on the other hand, is always aware of how a bright lipstick or a carefully-put-together outfit might very well make others assume her to be frivolous.
At its best fashion is a game. But for women it's a compulsory game, like net ball, and you can't get out of it by faking your period. I know I have tried. And so for a woman every outfit is a hopeful spell, cast to influence the outcome of the day. An act of trying to predict your fate, like looking at your horoscope. No wonder there are so many fashion magazines. No wonder the fashion industry is worth an estimated 900 billion dollars a year. No wonder every woman's first thought is, for nearly every event in her life, be it work, snow or birth. The semi-despairing cry of "but what will I wear?" Because when a woman says I have nothing to wear, what she really means is there is nothing here for who I am supposed to be today.
[Looking like a straight girl] means wearing clothes that seek and destroy comfort. These are garments designed by gay men to attract heterosexual men. The straight girl is simply the hanger for an inside joke.
There's more to clothing than just adornment. It does more than merely change how the world perceives us. It changes how we perceive ourselves.
Fashion should be a form of escapism, and not a form of imprisonment.
Whatever demon invented stiletto-heeled boots should roast in hell...
The Countess was considerably younger than her husband. All of her clothes came from Paris (this was after Paris) and she had superb taste. (This was after taste too, but only just. And since it was such a new thing, and since the Countess was the only lady in all Florin to posses it, is it any wonder she was the leading hostess in the land?)
Any actress who appears in public without being well-groomed is digging her own grave.
Buy less, choose well &amp; do it﻿ yourself!
The only way to atone for being occasionally a little over-dressed is by being always absolutely over-educated.
Black makes your life so much simpler. Everything matches black, especially black.
Like poetry, fashion does not state anything. It merely suggests
Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore – and then you get something out of her
What do you want?" Sophronia was moved to exasperation."Me? Stockings and breeches to come back in fashion. I do miss seeing a man's calves.
Whether you try too hard to fit in or you try too hard to stand out, it is of equal consequence: you exhaust your significance.
Guilty feelings about clothes are totally unnecessary. A lot of people earn their living by making clothes, so you should never feel bad.
Why do we go to all this trouble' Parker asked. 'Men don't notice anyway.''Because what we wear affects how we feel, how we act, how we move. And that they do notice. Especially the move. Get dressed, smoke the eyes. You'll know you look good so you'll feel good. You'll have a better time.
I have often said that I wish I had invented blue jeans: the most spectacular, the most practical, the most relaxed and nonchalant. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.
The imprint of Miss Hepburn is absolutely, totally present. Like it or not, she will be the most important look of the twentieth century.
As long as you wear clothes you love, which suit your body and your personality, it won’t matter if you’re wearing a dress that was in vogue five years ago; you’ll still look amazing. Also, somebody has to START new trends, and that somebody could be you.
The Devil's out of fashion.
I adore fringe.
What I really love about them... is the fact that they contain someone's personal history...I find myself wondering about their lives. I can never look at a garment... without thinking about the woman who owned it. How old was she? Did she work? Was she married? Was she happy?... I look at these exquisite shoes, and I imagine the woman who owned them rising out of them or kissing someone...I look at a little hat like this, I lift up the veil, and I try to imagine the face beneath it... When you buy a piece of vintage clothing you're not just buying the fabric and thread - you're buying a piece of someone's past.
So soon as a fashion is universal, it is out of date.
She was wearing a sleeveless top that held her breasts in the most marvelous way, the balance between what it revealed and what it left to the imagination as poetic as a Shakespearean sonnet.
After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy. And a thousand years from now man will still be sighing, "Oh! Life is so hard!" and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
And once we reach the city, my stylist will dictate my look for the opening ceremonies tonight anyway. I just hope I get one who doesn't think nudity is the last word in fashion.
A woman with good shoes i never ugly!
In a meat-eating world, wearing leather for shoes and even clothes, the discussion of fur is childish.
I love the fashion which is out of fashion.
Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July.‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.
Just the way it never rains when you have an umbrella, you'll never run into people if you look fantastic. But go outside in pajamas, and you'll run into every ex you have.
The rich bought wonderful clothes you recognized. The richest had their pople go to Paris and buy the entire new collection that no one outside of the fashion house has seen.
We are expected to be pretty and well-dressed until we drop.
Okay, let's see if I got this straight. The butt is the new breast, and the lower back is the new ankle. Now if only we could figure out where the brain has moved.
I'm so not interesting in having to try and make something out of foil."What, you didn't like the poncho with wraparound leggings?"It was beyond hideou- wait a minute. You watch that show?"My mom loves it."But your suppose to be sulking in the basement getting ready to light fires."What can I say? I'm a failure as a teenager. I watch TV with my mom.
When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.
The message sent by this policy is that if women are to be accepted into the exclusive ranks of men, then they have to look like men: buttoned up, stuffy, and no-nonsense. As if to show a little cleavage, to highlight a curvaceous figure, or to in any way appear feminine would discount, discredit, and disqualify them.I strongly disagree with this idea. I feel that women should wear clothes that suit their bodies rather than forcing themselves into unflattering men's suits and that it is feminist to make a wide range of women's clothes acceptable business attire.
One must commit acts of the highest treason only when dressed in the most resplendent finery.
There will be days that you don’t want to dress up and if you have some decent looking athletic wear, you can give the illusion that you’ve just been working out, as opposed to giving up on life.
I'm a risk taker and i've always been like that that, especially when it comes to fashion
I love the word 'fashion.' That's why I'm using it in the title of this book. Fashion is about change and about creating clothes within a historical context. To me, dismissing fashion as silly or unimportant seems like a denial of history and frequently a show of sexism—as if something that's traditionally a concern of women isn't valid as a field of academic inquiry. When the Parsons fashion department was founded in 1906, it was called 'costume design,' because fashion was then a verb: to fashion. But the word 'fashion' has evolved to mean something much more profound, and those who resist it seem to me to be on the wrong side of history.
The secret to modeling is not being perfect. What one needs is a face that people can identify in a second. You have to be given what’s needed by nature, and what’s needed is to bring something new.
Why nowadays there's a new fashion every day.
I do my job like I breathe — so if I can’t breathe I’m in trouble.
Buy what you don’t have yet, or what you really want, which can be mixed with what you already own. Buy only because something excites you, not just for the simple act of shopping.
Perfect simplicity is unconsciously audacious.
I'm open to everything. When you start to criticize the times you live in, your time is over.
Our assholes will be clean but we must never wash our hands. Our immune systems will be strengthened by our being dirty. Not filthy. Just mildly grimy. Filthy fingernails have always been a favorite fashion accessory of mine. Especially when you place your hands in the prayer positions. Matter of fact, I urge all my followers to forgo nail polish permanently and replace it with expertly applied soot. The nonexistent gods above will ignore our prayers better this way.
The French say you get hungry when you’re eating, and I get inspired when I’m working. It’s my engine
Under the pink Harlequin sunglasses strawberry dangling charms, and sugar-frosted eyeshadow she was really almost beautiful.
I know my father blamed himself, since he is the one who discovered me pawing through his pornography in the basement as a child. Even then, I marveled at the strangeness of the women in the magazines, their hair feathered in a style I struggled to believe was ever in fashion.
It is at despair at not being able to be noble and beautiful by natural means that we have made up our faces so strangely.
I believe my life has a value, and i don't want to waste it thinking about clothing.I don't want to think about what i will wear in the morning. Truly, can you imagine anything more boring than fashion?
1. Find your own style and have the courage to stick to it.2. Choose your clothes for your way of life.3. Make your wardrobe as versatile as an actress. It should be able to play many roles.4. Find your happiest colours - the ones that make you feel good.5. Care for your clothes, like the good friends they are!
In all, his outfit required nearly two thousand man-years of research and development, eight barrels of oil, and sixteen patent and trademark infringement lawsuits. All so he could possess casual style. A style that, in logistical requirements, was comparable to fielding a nineteenth-century military brigade.But he looked good. Casual.
Women want to wear what they do because of what goes on in their heads. Their size and shape have practically nothing to do with it.
In my typical way, I declined to respond, saying that I didn't want anyone to run to a store just because I endorsed a trend. Besides, a trend is good only if it works for you, your wardrobe, and your lifestyle.
Fashion is what one wears oneself. What is unfashionable is what other people wear.Just as vulgarity is simply the conduct of other people.And falsehoods the truths of other people.Other people are quite dreadful. The only possible society is oneself.To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance.
French girls still have the Jane Birkin culture. You can go just like that, without makeup, without managing your hair.
The articles were extremely eye-opening. Not just in Teen Vogue but in Seventeen and CosmoGirl as well. They were all about being yourself, staying natural, loving your body as is, and going green! The messages were the exact opposite of Vik and Viv's.Hmmmmm. Frankie turned to face the full-length mirror that was up against the yellow wardrobe. She opened her robe and examined her body. Fit, muscular, and exquisitely proportioned, she agreed with the magazines. So what if her skin was mint? Or her limbs were attached with seams? According to the magazines, which were - no offense! - way more in touch with the times than her parents were, she was suppose to love her body just the way it was. And she did! Therefor if the normies read magazines (which obviously they did, because they were in them), then they would love her, too. Natural was in.Besides she was Daddy's perfect little girl. And who didn't love perfect?
I'll stop wearing black when they invent a darker color.
Fashion is about two things: the evolution and the opposite.
I know it's practical for career women, but sneakers with suits? Jesus couldn't possibly weep harder than I did.
Even if you fall on the runway, I wouldn't blame you. It would mean that we made a mistake in choosing you.
From time to time, you may see a girl wearing her black opaque tights as pants. They are, in fact, not.
He is wearing a rugby shirt with numbers and a little man on a horse on his chest. Kent has told Elsa that this sort of shirt costs more than a thousand kronor, and Granny always used to say that those sorts of shirts were a good thing, because the horse functioned as a sort of manufacturer’s warning that the shirt was highly likely to be transporting a muppet.
Fact: I don't know of a single girl who doesn't wish the show-it-all boxer-shorts phenomenon would go away as well. Guys, we just don't want to see your underwear. Truthfully, we believe that there is a direct correlation between how much underwear you show and how much you've got upstairs, if you know what I mean.
Clamboring over building detritus was not the lifestyle Karl Lagerfeld had in mind for this sweet little powder-blue suit. As he oversaw the hand stitching in his atelier he had probably imagined the suit living a life of tea parties and lunches with the girls at the Ivy
Fashion is about going ahead, not about memory.
I think in black.
Make up is generally there to make you look better, not make you look like you're wearing make up.
In India we're fighting to retain a wilderness that we have. Whereas in the west, it's gone. Every person that's walking down the street is a walking bar code. You can tell where their clothes are from, how much they cost, which designer made which shoe, which shop you bought each item from. Everything is civilized and tagged and valued and numbered and put in it's place. Whereas in India, the wilderness still exists-the unindoctrinated wilderness of the mind, full of untold secrets and wild imaginings.
Don’t overact the story of your name. Overact the story of your work.
To me, clothing is a form of self-expression - there are hints about who you are in what you wear.
Good grief," said Merlin. "You look like the bastard child of Dumbledore and David Bowie. No, sorry, Dumbledore and Ziggy Stardust.
He's wearing his official university sweatshirt again, which puzzles me a little. I mean I'd sort of understand it more if it said Yale or Harvard or something, because then it would be a fashion choice. But why advertise the fact that you're at a university to all the other people who are at the university with you?
How am I supposed to believe you when you're obviously carrying a fake monogram Gucci Bag?
We have work to do if you are not to be a total failure like high-waisted, acid-wash jeans.
I had a vague memory of being that ridiculous at one time. Let he who hath never worn parachute pants cast the first stone.
Being well-dressed gives a feeling of inward tranquility which psychoanalysis is powerless to bestow.
Our clothes are too much a part of us for most of us ever to be entirely indifferent to their condition: it is as though the fabric were indeed a natural extension of the body, or even of the soul.
A woman only needs one pair of shoes for an outfit. But God, you've got to get it just right.
Logos are the bleating of the insecure, desperate for acceptance by the chronically shallow. 
When a woman smiles,then her dress should smile to
She wore tight corsets to give her a teeny waist - I helped her lace them up - but they had the effect of causing her to faint. Mom called it the vapors and said it was a sign of her high breeding and delicate nature. I thought it was a sign that the corset made it hard to breathe.
There must be some Tommy Hilfiger event horizon, beyond which it is impossible to be more derivative, more removed from the source, more devoid of soul.
I put on some make-up, turn on the 8-track, and I'm pulling the wig down from the shelf - suddenly I'm Miss Punk Rock Star of Stage and Screen and I ain't ever turning back!
Every morning in the middle of nowhere, without electricity or anyone to impress, I'd take great care in picking out my outfit and hover in front of a business card-size mirror to apply my lip gloss and check my eyebrows. I also felt I had a strong case for bringing a little black dress on expeditions. Village parties spring up more often than you might expect, and despite never having been a Girl Scout, I like to be prepared.
Feminine is never out of style
Jenna slipped in wearing an outfit that I can only describe as Hello Kitty Goes Goth.
She wore far too much rouge last night and not quite enough clothes. That is always a sign of despair in a woman.
It is impossible to be completely abstract about clothes because they have no life unless they are worn. They must fit onto a body or they do not exist.
Sometimes she wore Levi's with white-suede fringe sewn down the legs and a feathered Indian headdress, sometimes old fifties' taffeta dresses covered with poetry written in glitter, or dresses made of kids' sheets printed with pink piglets or Disney characters.
Like all trial attorneys, he knew the importance of not dressing too well.
I know the fashion is that everything is fair game [for comedy material] but I don't believe that.
What kind of look are you going for?” he asked instead. “Clothed.
During the shoot in November 2003, I was vaguely aware of the stylist’s sulky demeanor and eye-rolling vibe, but I blocked her out. Some fashion people are snotty drama queens; this is not news. Whatever was going on with her, I was determined to be positive and not get infected by her energy. Later, Fiorella told me that the entire time I was in makeup, the stylist had been clomping up and down the hall, sputtering into her cell phone, “I can’t believe I have to style a FAT GIRL!”	Believe it, bitch. 
New clothes left Sylvia reeling with happiness. For Sylvia, a shopping list was a poem. She always shopped alone - it suited her deliberate nature and the artistic joy with which she approached all things aesthetic.
I would certainly rather the industry not go broke, but if that's what it takes for everyone to acquire some values and lose that sense of entitlement, maybe a little belt-tightening wouldn't be so tragic.
Hiking is sort of like strip poker: by the end, all the participants are hot, sweaty, and nearly naked, and the winner is the person who wore the most layers.
The stiletto is a feminine weapon that men just don't have.
Isn't elegance forgetting what one is wearing?
Young people, however, tend to ignore the customs of their elders. Adolescent rebellion has been responsible for all manner of absurd costumes. The more ridiculous a certain fashion is, the more adolescents will cling to it.
These were the new girls of New York- complete with rapid heartbeats from too much nicotine and coffee. They were nervous and fluttery but completely alluring- the new face of urban femininity.
Coco Chanel used to talk about wearing more than one string of pearls. Why wear one if you can wear two, or something to that effect. I think that one string of pearls is just fine. But that's because my pearls are black, hers were white.
No garment which distorts the shape and motion of the wearer is beautiful, nor s any garment beautiful which emphasizes more than one or at most two of your sexual characteristics.
I would like to be a one-man multinational fashion phenomenon.
To creative people, the compendium of the white man's dialect are unfashionable, because their creations are more than what the tongue could say.
Fashion sighs after trends. I want timeless elegance. Fashion has no time. I do. I say: Hello Lady, how can I help you? Fashion has no time to even ask such a question, because it is constantly concerned with finding out: What will come next? It is more about helping women to suffer less, to attain more freedom and independence.
Be not afraid of being called un-fashionable.
Fashion is only different skins for different flavours of you.
Success nullifies. You then have to do it again, preferably differently
Are not couturiers the poets who, from year to year, from strophe to strophe, write the anthem of the feminine body?
Beauty lies in the LIES of the beholder!
She took a moment to lament her lack of parasol. Every time she left the house, she felt keenly the absence of her heretofore ubiquitous accessory.
Fashion is never wrong.
My idea is always to avoid nostalgia.
Clothes can suggest, persuade, connote, insinuate, or indeed lie, and apply subtle pressure while their wearer is speaking frankly and straightforwardly of other matters.
Ideas about a person's place in society, his role, lifestyle, and ego qualities will lose their hold as the cohesive forces in society disintegrate. Subculture values will proliferate to such a bewildering extent that a whole new class of professionals will arise to control them. Such a Transmutation Technology will deal in fashions, in ways of being. Lifestyle consultants will become the new priests of our civilizations. They will be the new magicians.
As history of any kind will tell us, when human beings get an opportunity to express their individual selves, a few selves will go completely over the top.
It was an odd situation. For a century and a half, men got rid of their own hair, which was perfectly comfortable, and instead covered their heads with something foreign and uncomfortable. Very often it was actually their own hair made into a wig. People who couldn't afford wigs tried to make their hair look like a wig.
If you are the type who truly longs to be a Southern Belle at all times, regardless of taking twice the space available in bus, subway or elsewhere, you had best remove yourself to a large estate replete with servants.
My attitude is if fashion says it's forbidden, I'm going to do it.
I'd urge you to try German Riesling because it's delicious, but I fear you'll be more impressed if I tell you it's cutting-edge. That, after all, is what we want to know-- what's now and happening. (Do you really think clunky square-toed shoes make your feet look better than those with slimming, tapered toes? You just wear them because that's what fashion dictates, you slut.)
All is fair in fashion and war.
It’s cool when fashion recycles itself, it’s not cool when sustainable living does because it means there was (and is as I write) a period of absolute and possibly irreversible destruction.
The pure modernist is merely a snob; he cannot bear to be a month behind the fashion.
You don't have to signal a social conscience by looking like a frump. Lace knickers won't hasten the holocaust, you can ban the bomb in a feather boa just as well as without, and a mild interest in the length of hemlines doesn't necessarily disqualify you from reading Das Kapital and agreeing with every word.
I loved buildings that had grown silently with the centuries, catching the best of each generation while time curbed the artist's pride and the philistine's vulgarity and repaired the clumsiness of the dull workman.
Elegance is elimination.
It's not revealing, it's informative.
Respect is not creative ... Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore — and then you get something out of her.
For anyone of a rational disposition, fashion is often nearly impossible to fathom. Throughout many periods of history – perhaps most – it can seem as if the whole impulse of fashion has been to look maximally ridiculous. If one could be maximally uncomfortable as well, the triumph was all the greater.
And one more thing: Sometimes comfort doesn’t matter. When a shoe is freakin’ fabulous, it may be worth a subsequent day of misery. Soak in Epsom salts and take comfort in the fact that you’re better than everyone else.
No one looks or feels attractive when angry.
When you paint your lips, eye lids, nails or whatever, to look attractive, don't forget your up stairs(intellect) if you leave it behind, i will consider all other colors invalid.
Part of being a conscious human being, is having an intention. And if you put an intention into whatever you do, it’s definitely going to be more satisfying in the end
Clothes as text, clothes as narration, clothes as a story. Clothes as the story of our lives. And if you were to gather all the clothes you have ever owned in all your life, each baby shoe and winter coat and wedding dress, you would have your autobiography. You could wear, once more, your own life in all its stages, from whatever they wrapped you in when you emerged from the dark red naked warmth of the womb to your deathbed.
Die Mode jener Jahre war umständlich und töricht. Die Männer knöpften sich steifleinerne Krägen um die Hälse, enge, überflüssige, unschöne Kleidungsstücke, und umwanden sie mühsam zu schlingenden, zwecklosen Binden, sogenannten Krawatten.
God values Christian character, which shines in positive, outward conduct. Fashion your heart after Jesus.
I cleaned the shit off my pink high-tops and drove home, stopping for an espresso at the coffeehouse across from the college. Men and women were hunched over copies of Jean Paul Sartre and writing in their journals. Most wore the thin-rimmed tortoiseshell glasses favored by intellectuals. Their clothes were faded to a precisely fashionable degree; you can buy them that way from catalogs now, new clothes processed to look old. The intellectuals looked at me in my overalls the way such people inevitably look at farmers. I dumped a lot of sugar in my espresso and sipped it delicately at a corner table near the door. I looked at them the way farmers look at intellectuals.
I love Prada. Not so much the clothes, which are for malnourished thirteen-year-olds, but I covet, with covety covetousness, the shoes and handbags. Like, I LOVE them. If I was given a choice between world peace and a Prada handbag, I'd dither. (I'm not proud of this, I'm only saying.)
Good taste is death. Vulgarity is life.
Perhaps the most irrational fashion act of all was the male habit for 150 years of wearing wigs. Samuel Pepys, as with so many things, was in the vanguard, noting with some apprehension the purchase of a wig in 1663 when wigs were not yet common. It was such a novelty that he feared people would laugh at him in church; he was greatly relieved, and a little proud, to find that they did not. He also worried, not unreasonably, that the hair of wigs might come from plague victims. Perhaps nothing says more about the power of fashion than that Pepys continued wearing wigs even while wondering if they might kill him.
A budding fashionista even at four, I would capture the little lizards and latch them, still living, onto my earlobes as earrings. Most girls wouldn't touch them, I thought they completed the outfit.
A woman who has truly awakened to her sensuality recognizes that she requires a more sophisticated presence. She is not average, after all.
It is but a glimpse of the world of fashion that we want on this same miry afternoon.… There is much good in it; there are many good and true people in it; it has its appointed place. But the evil of it is that it is a world wrapped up in too much jeweller’s cotton and fine wool, and cannot hear the rushing of the larger worlds, and cannot see them as they circle round the sun.
I have to admit that I'm up to my neck in frivolity, buried in dresses to the point of ruin! Fifteen different garments! My wardrobe jam-packed! My girl, this is not the way for an old woman to behave - particularly since you never wear anything but black and white, or a little grey, so that you always look as though you were in the same dress. Why fritter away your money so absurdly? (22 August 1919)
Fashion is as profound and critical a part of the social life of man as sex, and is made up of the same ambivalent mixture of irresistible urges and inevitable taboos.
Stanno comprando il cartellino del prezzo, non il vestito.
WE WILL SCRUTINIZE THE INGREDIENTS FOR THE FOOD WE PUT IN OUR BODY BUT WE DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THE PEOPLE WE PUT IN OUR LIVES ARE MADE OF
How many people know 10 good things about America? Almost anyone can tell that. But thing is that cities in America is not certain or similar to each other. The many popular cities are also popular due to their food style like Portland Oregon, San Francisco, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Seattle Washington etc and many other cities like this including Miami too.According to wallet hub, Miami stands at 3rd position about their craze of food and other things. But Miami is not just a food city but also claimed a name as a crime city.
Nothing, again, could be more prosaic and impenetrable than the domestic energies of Miss Diana Duke. But Innocent had somehow blundered on the discovery that her thrifty dressmaking went with a considerable feminine care for dress--the one feminine thing that had never failed her solitary self-respect. In consequence Smith pestered her with a theory (which he really seemed to take seriously) that ladies might combine economy with magnificence if they would draw light chalk patterns on a plain dress and then dust them off again. He set up "Smith's Lightning Dressmaking Company," with two screens, a cardboard placard, and box of bright soft crayons; and Miss Diana actually threw him an abandoned black overall or working dress on which to exercise the talents of a modiste. He promptly produced for her a garment aflame with red and gold sunflowers; she held it up an instant to her shoulders, and looked like an empress. And Arthur Inglewood, some hours afterwards cleaning his bicycle (with his usual air of being inextricably hidden in it), glanced up; and his hot face grew hotter, for Diana stood laughing for one flash in the doorway, and her dark robe was rich with the green and purple of great decorative peacocks, like a secret garden in the "Arabian Nights." A pang too swift to be named pain or pleasure went through his heart like an old-world rapier. He remembered how pretty he thought her years ago, when he was ready to fall in love with anybody; but it was like remembering a worship of some Babylonian princess in some previous existence. At his next glimpse of her (and he caught himself awaiting it) the purple and green chalk was dusted off, and she went by quickly in her working clothes.
The happiness of being envied is glamour.
She was clothed entirely in two large swatches of leather, the leather fake and shiny in a self-mocking way, absolutely correct for 1993, the first year when mocking the mainstream had become the mainstream.
Elegance comes from being as beautiful inside as outside.
Right now, all white people are either wearing or coveting a pair of Ray-Ban Wayfarer sunglasses. These sunglasses are so popular now that you cannot swing a canvas bag at a farmer's market without hitting a pair. In fact, at outdoor gatherings you should count the number of Wayfarers so you can determine exactly how white the event is. If you see no Wayfarers you are either at a country music concert or you are indoors.
The Widow Russell apparently took her at-home retirement so far as the abstain from receiving guests in the formal parlors: Theo was shown to a pink-papered upstairs room where she sat in an armchair whose chintz upholstery featured roses twining daintily on a white ground. She was head-to-toe in black, of course, and for a moment he had the very odd impression of a spider lurking in a rose bouquet.
Beauty is a flamboyant spectacle, it never goes unnoticed.
No matter how hard Miwako tries, Miwako can only copy her sister. Miwako loves to make clothes, but Miwako can't be a designer. Miwako has no originality.
She was never without dark glasses, she was always well groomed, there was a consequential good taste in the plainness of her clothes, the blues and grays and lack of luster that made her, herself, shine so.
You can always tell something when a woman is overdressed---either she's an outsider, or she's insane.
Toda moda es deliciosa mientras responda a una necesidad, nunca a una extravagancia.
There is nothing worse than bringing up the 'good old days.' To me, that's the ultimate acknowledgment of failure.
The body is given meaning and wholly constituted by discourse. The body vanishes as a biological entity and becomes instead a socially constituted product which is infinitely malleable and highly unstable.
From there he saw Fermina Daza walk in on her son's arm, dressed in an unadorned long-sleeved black velvet dress buttoned all the way from her neck to the tips of her shoes, like a bishop's cassock, and a narrow scarf of Castilian lace instead of the veiled hat worn by other widows, and even by many other ladies who longed for that condition
Very thin ladies, any age, with hand sewing on them, have always frightened me, beginning with a rich great-aunt and her underwear embroidered by nuns. The more bones that show on women the more inferior I feel.
Pantaloons were often worn tight as paint and were not a great deal less revealing, particularly as they were worn without underwear. . . . Jackets were tailored with tails in the back, but were cut away in front so that they perfectly framed the groin. It was the first time in history that men's apparel was consciously designed to be more sexy than women's.
Swankiness get noticed but style get remembered.
right now, sustainable fashion is a subculture, an alternative market. but i don’t think sustainability should be an alternative market. it should be the new normal. but in an industry that has thrived off the normalization of exploitation, it’s kind of like, what’s next?
So I made her get up. I told her to stop crying and get back to her desk.” Later I bashed those ugly shoes into her face.
I had never owned a pair of jeans, and I didn't plan on it. I'm not a cowboy, a farmer, or a 1950s greaser.
A solar-battery-powered chopper marked BELOVED BRETHREN MORATORIUM waited at the edge of the Zurich field. Beside it stood a beetle-like individual wearing a Continental outfit: tweed toga, loafers, crimson sash and a purple airplane-propeller beanie. The proprietor of the moratorium minced toward Joe Chip, his gloved hand extended, as Joe stepped from the ship's ramp onto the flat ground of Earth.
Anyone looking at him would have seen immediately that this was a man who paid absolutely no attention to the phenomenon of clothing. He wore what he wore strictly because he had no choice but to put something on when dealing with other people, as if he were hostile to the idea of wearing clothes at all.
It is a mistake to suppose that it is a waste of time to dress well. A well-dressed man need not spend any more time dressing than a badly dressed one does.
My need for attention was going to ruin me. I had to play it cool. I drew a heart on his board. See? Nothing but love and positive vibes.
You should still wear good shoes even if your feet were made of gold.
I hate it, how high-stakes the fashion aspect of it has become. A long time ago, Janeane Garofalo wore cutoffs and a T-shirt to an awards show, and that’s always been my gold standard. I wish everyone could relax and be able to just wear whatever you want, and feel good and be comfortable. And, not to put too fine a point on it, but anybody who criticizes someone for what they’re wearing or how they look is a piece of shit. Happy-face emoji.
Eva," she said exasperated. "You should've established a personal style by now-and it shouldn't be sweats!"Monica, Eva Tramell's mother, in "Reflected in You
Naked people don't follow fashion, they follow instincts.
She was found in her apartment yesterday. Dead.” About time.
You look very well – at least, you would if you didn’t make such a figure of yourself in that rig! When I was a girl, no gentleman would have dreamed of paying a social call without powder, let me tell you! Enough to make your grandfather turn in his grave to see what you’ve all come to, with your skimpy coats, and your starched collars, and not a bit of lace to your neckcloth, or your wristbands! If you can sit down in those skin-tight breeches, or pantaloons, or whatever you call ’em, do so!
And then for English verses, he said, they could not be certain of lasting applause, the changes of our language being so great and sudden, that the rarest poems within few years will pass for obsolete; and therefore he used to liken the writers in English verse to ladies, that have their pictures drawn with the clothes now worn, which, though at present never so rich, and never so much in fashion, within a few years hence will make them look like anticks.
That’s the business, Iris. It’s a ruthless industry. People’s love lasts but one season.
As I’ve said before, “the Mod generation”, contrary to popular belief, was not born in even 1958, but in the 1920s after a steady gestation from about 1917 or so. Now, Mod certainly came of age, fully sure of itself by 1958, completely misunderstood by 1963, and in a perpetual cycle of reinvention and rediscovery of itself by 1967 and 1975, respectively, but it was born in the 1920s, and I will maintain this. I don’t care who disagrees with me, and there are dozens of reasons that I do so —from the Art Deco aesthetic, to flapper fashions (complete with bobbed hair), to androgyny and subtle effeminacy, to jazz.
I’d even gotten her lunch for her, carrying it like a pathetic assistant while she whimpered about her arm. I didn’t even spit in it. I wanted to. (Imagine watching her eat something that came from inside me. Oh, heaven.)
Real models don't go with the trend, they set the trend.
You know what they say—if you can’t join them, beat them.
Fashion is a distraction!
I wanted to punch her. I wanted to rip her blown-out-to-perfection blonde hair until she was bloody and bald. I wanted her to say I was stunning and gorgeous, her ideal vision of a best friend.
Keep going! You can do it!” I was going to kill this bitch. “Everyone starts somewhere. Keep it up!” I was going to make her suffer. “Just ten more seconds!” I was going to rip her heart out and eat it on top of a giant plate of pasta.
This was what friendship was: hugs, shopping, and some major lies.
Jokes were essential. I liked having them with BFFs. Meredith and I had one. We would always point out a boy and say, “That’s who you’re gonna marry.” And then laugh until we cried. She always picked the ugliest ones for me. She was such a bitch.
I was desperate for a Sarah win. But the more I craved it, the more annoyed I got. At Sarah, not myself. She would never be satisfied. I glanced at my Instagrammed selfie from the salon. My hair looked good, dammit. What would it take for Sarah Taft to tell me I was perfect?
You cannot rest on your laurels as a sensual woman. Remember, your life is like that of an influencer. Meaning your yesterday's 'wow' quickly becomes your today's 'ordinary.' Always keep in mind that your value comes from your creations.
I’d done it, I killed her, but it didn’t feel like I had. You know that feeling? Like when you unplug your flatiron but then aren’t sure you did?
We’re considering it suspicious for now. Why didn’t anyone report her missing? She’d been dead for a few days.” A full week, actually. But who was counting?
Fashion people never let you forget that you don’t belong.
It’s fashion. No one really gets along.
Ignite the spirit of excellence in your man through your sensuality.
Kill them with kindness and enthusiasm if you can’t kill them at all.
If a physical overhaul brings more freedom, creativity, and self-worth then the process will add to the person’s depth and happiness. It would be a step closer to realising one’s inestimable worth. If the overhaul doesn’t do that then it is decorating skeletons.
I wanted her to say to me that I was perfect, I was everything she wanted in a friend. There’s nothing wrong with that. Nothing.
Frantically, I mouthed WWMKAAD (What would Mary-Kate and Ashley do?) to myself over and over until the rage subsided a bit.
Jack was fun, I liked him. And now I had to kill him. Why was making friends so hard as an adult?
I prefer to shock rather than to bore through repetition.
It was strange that the girl couldn’t remember what she had for lunch yet somehow knew every designer’s phone number by heart.
Worse than that, she was blaming me for Lisa’s death. Me? As if. She should be blaming Lisa. No, she should be thanking me—Lisa wore veils.
Maybe next time someone helps you like I did, you won’t be such an ungrateful bitch. Oh, Merry Christmas.
I’m as into clothes as the next girl, but the woman who goes through all this with me treats it like it’s a matter of life and death.", FADE by Kailin Gow.
But right now, I felt depressed. This must be what that postpartum shit was all about. I’d given birth to a masterpiece, and now I was bored.
Bloody Sarah, fashion killer. God, it sounded so good. Sarah could make anything sound good.
Sensuality takes planning and work.
The uglier the fashions, the worse places we'd have to pose to make them look good. Junkyards. Slaughterhouses. Sewage treatment plants. It's the ugly bridesmaid tactic where you only look good by comparison.
A true sensual woman is intrinsically connected to her inner passion and adept at channeling that passion to drive every beauty, fashion and lifestyle choice she makes.
That night I set the building on fire and killed everyone inside. Just kidding. I watched three back-to-back episodes of Law &amp; Order. A girl needed a release. It was all work and no play lately.
Few except the poor preserve traditions. Aristocrats live not in traditions but in fashions.
Success is the only thing to change the behaviors of others
Unless under a doctor's orders to be a lady of the dark, a woman wearing sunglasses indoors or at night looks like nothing more than a satire of a Hollywood glamour queen- grade B.
Everything has sensuality, but not everyone can see it. It takes only those who have developed their ability to look at life through the eyes of an artist, which are essentially the deep eyes of passion and appreciation for the sensual world, to perceive it.
My childhood love affair didn't die, it just vanished. Women had stopped wearing hats.
Like married life itself, wife-dressing is pretty basic. It requires frank understanding of yourself, a healthy attitude toward your new responsibilities, a willingness to learn from experience, and a buoyant elation about being alive.
A husband's interest in his wife's wardrobe will add to his understanding of her needs and desires as a woman; a wife's regard for her husband's preferences and judgment on how she looks add up to a happy marriage,
ladies, don't be a woman of simple taste particularly in the way you look, or at least keep that to the minimum. You are a goddess, after all. Stop trying to look all humbled or modest. You've got to look and smell like a goddess who, in my opinion, is a woman that is constantly in touch with her own sensuality, which also means she's always on top of her game.
Fashion is out of fashion," says X, in the tone of voice that makes you think, "quipped.
he worst mistake you can make is to force yourself to shop. The most important part of shopping is your frame of mind. How can you make a proper choice if you feel like the mistreated heroine of a soap opera?A frivolous hat or other bit of forbidden fruit are ideal for beating the blues, but stay out of the dress and coat departments until you feel enthusiastic. If your body isn't attuned to fashion, you won't look right in anything. And if you're depressed because you've gained a few pounds, don't buy something too small to grow down to. Lose the few pounds first then go shopping. [i] Remember, diets always start tomorrow. [/i]
Never ask for whom the belles toil- we toil at our toilette for the approval and admiration of our husbands and the general appreciation of men with whom we work or meet in other outside situations.
You need beauty to be a model but not to be a role model.
The price of your birthday outfits should go costlier with respect to the ages you lived.
Know who you are, what you stand for- your enthusiasms, your ambitions, your hopes, your responsibilities. Remember that it's your husband for whom you're dressing. Keep him in mind when you shop.
If Blake Lively and Blake Lively had a baby, it’d be Sarah Elizabeth Taft.
Even clothes like to hang out in style.
Modeling is not just beauty and smile, it takes boldness and style.
The lovely young lady in the mirror was not a stranger, nor was she Lady Overlooked. Once again, Brierly had found some essential core of her model and designed the whole dress around it. Brierly had gathered Nissa’s brown hair in a loose pile on top of her head, with a curl spilling over here and there. The comb secured a single rose just verging on full bloom. Nissa still looked short and sturdy but—endearingly so. A friendly elf. Youthful, but not childish. The dress flattered and concealed the correct curves. Not even Aunt Perturbance would mistake her for fifteen tonight. Nissa blushed–ith pleasure at her appearance, yes–but mainly that her childhood heroine would think so highly of her as to craft such a masterpiece. That she would know her so well as to reflect the true Nissa, but love her so well as to reflect the best possible Nissa.
Some people’s desire to look like some people is so intense that they seldom look like themselves.
Good taste and the amount of money spent are interrelated but not necessarily dependent on each other.
Everyone knows that promotions are based on your social standing, no matter what Celia says. And you have none. You’re a total nobody. Seriously, no one knows who you are. Which is just so sad because you’re, like, really great.
Wear a full skirt [when traveling], which does not bind the way slacks might, and will also be acceptable wherever you stop to eat or sleep. At the end of a long stretch on the road, you'll feel less fatigued if you look presentable when you get out of the car. It's human nature.
You are you. You are not the model in that photograph or the girl beside you in the elevator or a woman eating lunch at the next table. What they are wearing may stop traffic, but be sure it's right for you before emulating the effect.
She held a scarlet sequin dress to her chest and posed in front of a mirror. Too hot. She put it back and took a black mini. Too dreary. Then a blue as pale as a whisper caught her eye. She took the dress. The material was silky and clinging. Perfect for a goddess. On the floor below the dress sat scrappy wraparound high-heeled sandals that matched the blue.She didn't understand why she needed to dress up to meet Stanton but the impulse to steal into the storage room had been rising in her since the sun set.She took the dress and sandals back to her room, then sat on the floor and painted her toenails and fingernails pale blue. She drew waves of eternal flames and spiral hearts in silver and blue around her ankles and up her legs with body paints.When she was done, she pressed a Q-tip into glitter eye shadow and spread sparkles on her lid and below her eye. With a sudden impulse she swirled the lines over her temple and into her hairline. She liked the look.She rolled blue mascara on her lashes, then brushed her hair and snapped crystals in the long blond strands. She squeezed glitter lotion into her palms and rubbed it on her shoulders and arms. Last she took the dress and stepped into it. She turned to the mirror on the closet door.A thrill ran through her. Her reflection astonished her. She looked otherworldly, a mystical creature... eyes large, skin glowing, eyelashes longer, thicker. Everything about her was more powerful and sleek and fairy tale. Surely this wasn't really happening. Maybe she would wake up and run to school and tell Catty about her crazy dreams. But another part of her knew this was real.She leaned to one side. The dress exposed too much thigh."Good." Her audacity surprised her. Another time she would have changed her dress. But why should she?
great brands always balance identity, integrity, and efficiency.
Dress suitably in short skirts and strong boots, leave your jewels in the bank and buy a revolver.
The worst mistake you can make is to force yourself to shop. The most important part of shopping is your frame of mind. How can you make a proper choice if you feel like the mistreated heroine of a soap opera?A frivolous hat or other bit of forbidden fruit are ideal for beating the blues, but stay out of the dress and coat departments until you feel enthusiastic. If your body isn't attuned to fashion, you won't look right in anything. And if you're depressed because you've gained a few pounds, don't buy something too small to grow down to. Lose the few pounds first then go shopping. [I]Remember, diets always start tomorrow. [/i]
It's better to have fewer clothes, all wearable and each accessorized in your mind so that when you put something on you know at once which shoes and gloves you're going to wear. Complete costume planning is possible only with an intimate awareness of all your clothes.
When Poor, Overdress. When Rich, Underdress.
The ultimate way to become the best version of yourself is to get so in touch with your own sensuality that you make life seem effortless and utterly beautiful all at the same time.
If you must be a slave to something, make it Scrabble or knitting or casserole cookery. Anything but fashion, where you must be the mistress of your fate.
Dress for everything. Fashion is for today. Don't look back. Don't look further ahead than the current season. Don't save the dress that won wolf whistles the summer before last. The whistles may change to groans.
We wives are emotional beings. Clothes play an important role in emotional control. If you go to work knowing you look wonderful, feeling at ease, comfortable, and appropriately garbed, you're bound to be more alert and more able to cope with problems, including the unexpected. Getting the habit of dressing well every day will prevent panic at an unexpected situation at work, or after work for that mattter.
I've explained my feelings about old shoes; add to that decrepit hats for the rain. Rain can be pretty romantic. Why look like a drowned scarecrow when you can be a touch of sunshine on a dark day in perky rainwear?
Fashion must elevate self-esteem of woman but not lower it down.
Never close your mind to a color. Remember, too, that texture is an important element. The same dress in the same shade of red may look wonderful on you in soft velvet but too harsh in a hard-finished taffeta. Think in terms of color combined with texture, not of one or the other independently.
The world is being run by savages wearing corporate business suits.
Language is more fashion than science
The worst mistake you can make is to force yourself to shop. The most important part of shopping is your frame of mind. How can you make a proper choice if you feel like the mistreated heroine of a soap opera? A frivolous hat or other bit of forbidden fruit are ideal for beating the blues, but stay out of the dress and coat departments until you feel enthusiastic. If your body isn't attuned to fashion, you won't look right in anything. And if you're depressed because you've gained a few pounds, don't buy something too small to grow down to. Lose the few pounds first then go shopping. [i]Remember, diets always start tomorrow.[/i]
A corpse wouldn't be seen dead in anything other than the latest fashion.
Women accept [man-made] conventions, repeat them, enforce them upon their daughters; but they originate with men.
Jamais la mode et le beau n'ont été si loin l'un de l'autre.
Except for camping out at a beach cottage, dungarees have no place in wife-dressing. Pants must be perfectly styled to flatter the female figure. Dungarees, by definition and price, cannot be exquisitely tailored. Leave them to youngsters.
If you give small, informal dinner parties, have a few long or short colorful skirts and dresses in jersey or flannel with gay party aprons to make your role of hostess festive yet comfortable.If your husband's work means continuous parties, conventions, and entertainment, pep up your collection of after-five clothes with satin pumps in different colors.
Men's grooming is never suspect in the way women's grooming is--a well-dressed man does not worry that, because he is dressed well, certain assumptions might be made about his intelligence, his ability, or his seriousness. A woman, on the other hand, is always aware of how a bright lipstick or a carefully-put-together outfit might very well make others assume her to be frivolous.
Monks were rich in interior life and very dirty, because the body, protected by a habit that, ennobling it, released it, was free to think, and to forget about itself. The idea was not only ecclesiastic; you have to think only of the beautiful mandes Erasmus wore. And when even the intellectual must dress in lay armor (wigs, waistcoats, knee breeches) we see that when he retires to think, he swaggers in rich dressing-gowns, or in Balzac’s loose, drôlatique blouses. Thought abhors tights.
If you've become addicted to dark stockings or tights, be careful not to look like a Charles Addams heroine. The "beatnik" bit is wonderful for sloppy, slushy days, but should not be allowed to take over.
[I]n exact proportion as women grow independent, educated, wise and free, do they become less submissive to men-made fashions.
I put on a suit, then changed into a jeans and a checked shirt, then thought 'to hell with it!' and got into my shorts and a black T-shirt with an inscription that said: 'My friend was clinically dead, but all he brought me from the next world was this T-shirt!' I might look like a German tourist, but at least I would retain the semblance of a holiday mood in front of Gesar.
I peeled the shorts off my sweating skin and stepped into the skirt. It slid up my body, resting on my waist, and I pulled the zipper up towards the lord. It didn't just fit. No, it did more than that. It melded to my body, beautifully, as if it had been cut specifically for me, to mask and smooth and elevate. I would be better in this skirt. The dream was happening! I had the all-knowing smile, my hair was suddenly more luxurious, I felt thinner, more acceptable. Girls who had been mean to me in high school would see me in this skirt and think, "Is that Scaachi?" and I'd say, "YOU BET IT IS, YOU DUMB BITCH" and then punch all their boyfriends in the teeth. (I have not thought this fantasy through; just let me have this.)
Success is the only thing to change the behavior of others
One day one of the girls, Felt, says to the group: You know how they say rich people have red heels?You have, in fact, always heard this growing up: that poor people have dusty, gray heels, and rich people have smooth, moisturized heels, red with health. You have a tendency to hide your feet, even though you've always rubbed cream into them religiously so they won't look like your mother's heels, desert-cracked. Well, I have a trick, Fely says, showing all of you her smooth, impossibly red heels. You just put merthiolate on it! Not iodine, that makes it orange. Merthiolate is the secret! After that, all of you take to staining your heels with the liquid antiseptic. From then on, you love wearing slingbacks, mules, cropped trousers. Years later, even as an adult nurse in California, sometimes you'll still put merthiolate on your heels.
Most people do their best to look like a democrat. But the truth is that they are not democrats by nature, they are true imitators, because democracy has come into fashion in modern civilization.
Adorn your beauty with elegant fashion and embellish it with a genuine smile of pride.
That night Serena dressed to meet Zahi. She used a metallic green eye shadow on the top lids and the outer half of the bottom lids so that her eyes looked like a jungle cat's. Two coats of black mascara completed them, and then she smudged a light gold gloss on her lips.She took a red skirt from the closet. The material was snakelike, shimmering black, then red. She slipped it on and tied the black strings of a matching bib halter around her neck and waist. She painted red-and-black glittering flames on her legs and rubbed glossy shine on her arms and chest.Finally, she took the necklace she had bought at the garage sale and fixed it in her hairline like the headache bands worn by flappers back in the 1920's. The jewels hung on her forehead, making her look like an exotic maharani.She sat at her dressing table and painted her toenails and fingernails gold, then looked in the mirror. A thrill jolted through her as it always did. No matter how many times she saw her reflection after the transformation, her image always astonished her. She looked supernatural, a spectral creature, green eyes large, skin glowing, eyelashes longer, thicker. Everything about her was more forceful and elegant- an enchantress goddess. She couldn't pull away from her reflection. It was as if the warrior in her had claimed the night.
If you're in the hood, you'll be wanting to wear a Farfetch to show your true personality.
Today's fashion doesn't go out of fashion, it just goes into hibernation.
Tie love and loyalty around your neck.
Shoes don't make the man.They make a statement!
She dug through the clothes packed in the trunk until she found the blue halter top and black jeans she had been wearing the night Veto died. She wasn't sure why she had saved them, but she was glad she had, now. She was going to wear them tonight in honor of Veto.She carried them back to her room, stood in front of the mirror over her dresser, and slipped on the gold earrings that had been a gift from Veto. Then she started to dress. She rubbed glitter lotion over her arms and painted black lines on her eyelids. She rolled on her mascara, then stood back.
If you want to go out in style, go out in fashion.
Fitness should be the passion, fitness should be the fashion.
She felt uncomfortably warm in her pink snakeskin jacket. The wooden platforms with the neon-green straps and rhinestones were already starting to cramp her toes.
A good body is the best fashion statement.
Fashion must elevate the self-worth of women, but not lower it down.
Women there is no perfect man! Don't waste your money on make-up!
Fashion just came back in style!
One can be interested in both fashion and politics, don't you think? They so often go hand in hand. Appearances, saying the right words, making people like you...
How's my hair? Is there trouble in the west wing? (Refers to large curls.) These are actually my lungs. My Aquanet lungs. They kick in on the high notes.
Some people want to be in vogue even at the cost of being a rogue.
He looked like an evil male model, showing off what the fashionable college-age villain was wearing to Harvard this year.
The thing about being vintage is that it never goes out of fashion.
Once upon a time You dressed so fine
One of the most striking differences between a well-dressed American woman and a well-dressed Parisienne is in the size of their respective wardrobes. The American would probably be astonished by the very limited number of garments hanging in the Frenchwoman’s closet, but she would also be bound to observe that each one is of excellent quality, expensive perhaps by American standards, and perfectly adapted to the life the Frenchwoman leads. She wears them over and over again, discarding them only when they are worn or outmoded, and she considers it a compliment (as it is meant to be) when her best friend says, ‘I’m so glad you decided to wear your red dress – I’ve always loved it!’.
1) Leopardskin is always a neutral.2) You can get away with nearly anything if you wear the thing with black opaque tights and boots.3) Contrary to popular opinion, a belt is often not a good friend to a lady. Indeed, in many circumstances, it acts merely as a visual aid to help the onlooker settle the question: "Which half is fatter - the bottom or the top?"4) Bright red is a neutral.5) Sellotape is NOT strong enough to mend a hole in the crotch of a pair of tights.6) You should NOT buy an outfit if you have to strike a sexy pose in the changing-room mirror to make it look good. On the other hand, if you immediately start dancing the minute you put it on, buy it, however much it costs: unless it's lots, in which case, you can't, so don't. Fashion magazines will NEVER say, "Actually, don't buy it if you can't afford it." Neither will your friends. I am probably the only person who will EVER say it to you. You're welcome.
Terms such as "man bun," "man purse," "guyliner," "meggings," and the new "romp-him" (romper) have entered the American lexicon. These terms refer to new fashion trends involving men wearing garments or using grooming regiments once thought of as exclusive to women. The term metrosexual comes to mind. While they may be amusing to read, and certainly to say out loud, they are dangerous roadblocks preventing the collapse of the binary. That notion might also make you laugh. Think about it. What purpose do these unnecessary labels serve, other than to single out that these stylistic choices go against the grain? Eyeliner is applied to people's eyelids. Leggings are worn by people who have legs. The gendered associations exist solely as social constructs. Men used to wear leggings all the time in the middle ages. Probably would have shopped at Sephora too, if there had been one at the faire.
I think this dress will stun the nobility, and leave them stupefied with envy and lust," Madame Sandrine announced with relish."I'm just glad it's not crimson, like everything else you drape," Farah said to her husband as she glanced at her transformation in the floor-to-ceiling mirrors across from the raised podium on which she stood. The creation of blue silk evoked the midnight sky, as it wrapped her bosom and waist in bejeweled gathers before cascading from her hips in a dark waterfall. The shamelessly cut bodice was lent a hint of respectability by folds of a shimmering diaphanous silver material draping from a choker of gems about her neck and flowing down her shoulders like moonbeams. To call them sleeves would have been a mistake, for all they concealed.Madame Sandrine threw a teasing look over her shoulder at Blackwell. "How fitting that the color of blood is the one you prefer the most.""Not for her," Dorian rumbled.The seamstress lifted a winged eyebrow, but didn't comment. "Voila. I believe that is all I'll need from you today, Madame Blackwell. I can have these finished in the morning, and in the meantime I have a lovely soft gray frock hemmed with tiny pink blossoms that will bring out the color in your cheeks.
Fashion is a disease of trying to look alike!
Evening work is economical. Power comes most cheaply by night.
Even Hazel had stopped telling Neylan that wearing dragons was inappropriate.
Beauty is beyond look.
Drēbes nav, lai apsegtu cilvēka kailumu, bet lai celtu viņa pašapziņu.
Beauty is fleeting. But the woman who fear God is blissful.
Pandora opened the box with the new high-heels, put them on and went out to town.
Never has it been inappropriate for a girl to wear a red dress.
I don't like shopping. In movies that depict a futuristic dystopia, people tend to wear uniforms in a single colour, usually a metallic onesie with a high neck and gender-neutral panelling in the front. I am fine with this. I look great in silver and gold.
Popularity is no boast. From politics to fashion, history has shown popularity is, too often, just a loud celebration of a common ignorance.
Human being living at the level of biomass will comply with the changing fashion and beauty standards
Today Amanda was dressed in a gown of soft pink wool trimmed in corded silk ribbon of a deeper shade. She had worn a bonnet adorned with China roses, which now reposed on the side of his desk, a pair of velvet ribbons draping gently toward the floor. The pink shade of the gown brought out the color in Amanda's cheeks, while the simple cut displayed her generous figure to its best advantage. Aside from Jack's considerable regard for her intelligence, he couldn't help thinking of her as a tidy little bonbon.
[W]e might do better here to think of culture as fashion. And in fashion, of course, the key is not wearing a particular outfit but being able to wear it ... Clothing is a mere collection of garments; fashionability is a performative capacity, an ability to effect the right look through an effective combination of garments, social sense, and bodily performance.
Fashion is something comes within you. Fashion Blogger
Anna Wintour hadn't been to any of McQueen's shows, and McQueen didn't like it. McQueen said American Vogue could borrow the dress only if they flew it to New York and back, in its own seat, with an escort. It was a fuck-you and they took it, and the dress was shot by Richard Avedon. "Fashion people haven't got any brains," McQueen said.
Makeup can be used to express yourself as well. Those experiences should not be limited to women. Everyone should be free to be as colorful as they want to be.
She sent Amelie to inform Maydrop that she donned an evening dress made of a heavy, supple olive green silk that gleamed under candlelight. It fell from the bodice, but rather than belling out, the silk was cut on the bias and hugged every curve of her body.The bodice was gathered under her breasts and trimmed with dark copper lace that glimmered with shiny black beads. and widened into short sleeves. Her hair was pulled straight back from her forehead without even a wisp floating at her ears, and she waved away the ruby necklace Amelie offered. She wanted no distraction from her face.She did, however, slide a sparkling ruby onto her right hand, a present she had given to herself when Ryburn Weavers made its first thousand guineas in profit.How better to remember that milestone than to wear a sizable percentage it on one's finger?Finally, Amelie drew out a small brush and skillfully applied a few strategic dabs of face paint. The last thing Theo wanted was to try to look conventionally feminine, but she'd discovered that a thin line of kohl made her eyes look deep and mysterious.
Not only have people stopped trying to be attractive when they are out among other people, but they are no longer even trying not to look ugly!
The way you dress is how you greet the sun and other stars.
What Kate wore, whether on the street or the red carpet was much cooler to them than what she modelled. Her paparazzi photos were becoming indistinguishable from her editorials.
Walking through life, we spend most of our energy choosing the right shoes.
To be truly stylish (as opposed to merely "in style", which is the opposite) is to be unabashedly one's self, without reference to the fashions and demands of a sweltering crowd.
Fashion is the thing! The thing you can put on confidently. And at least you can breathe with comfort.
A bunch of Latinas at Pitzer College decided to let white girls know that they shouldn’t wear hoops anymore, because that’s appropriating a style.... I’ve never worn hoop earrings for the purpose of “feeling ethnic,” nor have I ever associated hoop earrings with a certain culture. They’ve always been an accessory I like. It’s really as simple as that....I can’t wear hoops because I didn’t “create the culture as a coping mechanism for marginalization”? I can’t wear hoops because I’m not a feminist? I can’t wear hoops because some Latinas can’t afford it? I can’t wear hoops because I refuse to buy into your hypersensitive BS?....Does anyone else realize how completely ridiculous that sounds?
A new dress doesn’t get you anywhere. It's the life you’re living in the dress.
Theo shook out the half square of heavy silk. "It will make all the difference to this insipid gown." With one sharp wrench she pulled out the lace fichu tucked into her bodice and replaced it with the scarf. It flashed raspberry red against the almond-colored muslin of her gown.
I am persuaded that a coldly-thought-out and independent verdict upon a fashion in clothes, or manners, or literature, or politics, or religion, or any other matter that is projected into the field of our notice and interest, is a most rare thing -- if it has indeed ever existed.
She loathed her profile almost as much as she loathed the dress. If she didn't have to worry about people mistaking her for a boy--- not that they really did, but they couldn't stop remarking on the resemblance; at any rate, if she didn't have to worry about that--- she would never again wear pink. Or pearls. There was something dreadfully banal about the way the pearls shimmered.For a moment she distracted herself by mentally ripping her dress apart, stripping it of its ruffles and pearls and tiny sleeves. Given a choice, she would dress in plum-colored silk and sleek her hair away from her face without a single flyaway curl. Her only hair adornment would be an enormous feather--- a black one--- arching backward so it brushed her shoulder. If her sleeves were elbow-length, she could trim them with a narrow edging of black fur. Or perhaps swansdown, with the same at the neck. Or she could put a feather trim at the neck; the white would look shocking against the plum velvet.That led to the idea that she could put a ruff at the neck and trim that with a narrow strip of swansdown,. It would be even better if the sleeves weren't opaque fabric but nearly transparent, like that new Indian silk her friend Lucinda had been wearing the previous night, and she would have them quite wide, so they billowed and gathered tight at the elbow. Or perhaps the wrist would be more dramatic....
The "fashion-beauty complex'," representing the corporate interests involved in the fashion and beauty industries, has, Bartky argues, taken over from the family and church as "central producers and regulators of 'femininity'" (1990, p. 39). The fashion-beauty complex promotes itself to women as seeking to, "glorify the female body and to provide opportunities for narcissistic indulgence'' but in fact its aim is to "depreciate woman's body and deal a blow to her narcissism'' so that she will buy more products. The result is that a woman feels constantly deficient and that her body requires "either alteration or else heroic measures merely to conserve it'' (p. 39).
Confidence is always the best accessory. Own the moment. Own your space.
Maybe we ought to consider that sometimes the most destructive outcomes in our lives are the ones that we’ve created.
When a lady accessorizes in here in Texas, she's selecting caliber, not color.
If you do not know you have intrinsic value because of who you are and who you are meant to be, you will feel uncomfortable when you are not looking your best(in other’s eyes) or if you are not wearing the latest fashion trend
It's time to shop high heels if your fiance kisses you on the forehead.
An old fashioned outfit is not a costume, it's a comedy.
Don’t spend your time or money on being boring.
I recommend the French beret, for it gives the impression of just the right soft toughness, a veritable wave of sophisticated brain matter. It is the kind of hat that inspires a person to grow into it, to become the person they never knew they could be. The space between the top of the head and the beginnings of hat is among the most intimate of areas: earlobe behinds, elbow insides, and anuses. One must pay heed to such spaces for they hold a potential not fully known (but generally agreed to be vast).
Wear the Spanx. You might not want to squeeze them over your ass in the morning, but when you see that mac and cheese at lunch (do it, you beautiful monster) you'll be glad there're there, doing the lord's work.
Having an emotional connection with what we wear is at once transformative and talismanic. Why else would Glenda the Good Witch have given Dorothy a pair of ruby slippers? Clicking those heels did more than get Miss Garland back to Kansas; they manifested magic – that sweet spot where memories are made.
Fashion exerts more power in science than it does on the shape of hats.
A gentle breeze rustled through the leaves, bringing with it the scent of fresh-turned earth and lavender blossoms. Amanda drew to the side of the balcony, where she was completely concealed from view. As she leaned against the wall of the house, the rough texture of the red brick gently abraded her bare shoulders.She had worn a pale blue, corded-silk gown with a low-cut back, and draperies of gauze that crossed over the bodice in an X pattern. The long sleeves of the gown were made of more transparent gauze, while her hands were encased in white gloves. The flash of her bare arms beneath the filmy blue silk made Amanda feel sophisticated and daring.
If I can’t garden in it, then I won’t wear it.
Are you going? What shall you wear?""I shall go in what I am standing in," said Mak Genggang. "A witch is always appropriate whatever her attire.
Why hoard away so many back-issues of People Magazine? Fashion magazines are just empty promises. You can go bankrupt blowing all your cash on expensive beauty products, but the only way you’ll ever look just like the people on those glossy front covers is if you know how to use computer editing software for photographs. Besides, people who think they are ugly, are never really all that ugly anyway. People who think they are pretty, are rarely ever all that pretty.
There is always a shade of pink for every color because Pink matches everything
Dresses won't worn out in the wardrobe, but that is not what dresses are designed for.
Some women wear a miniskirt to reveal their thighs; some wear one to conceal their age.
You think I would take a wild lily and trim it to appear an English rose? You shall meet the ton as a bright Italian star."Callie couldn't help but chuckle. "Capital. Shall we choose some fabrics?"The words sent the cluster of women around them into a flurry, rolling out yards of muslins and satins, jaconet and crepe, velvet and gros de Naples in every imaginable color and pattern."Which do you like?" Callie asked.Juliana turned her attention to the pile of fabrics, a bemused smile on her face. Mariana approached and locked their arms together. Leaning close, she said, "I adore that mulberry crepe. It would go beautifully with your hair." Turning to Callie she said, "And you, sister?"Callie cocked her head in the direction of a willow green satin, and said, "If you don't leave here with an evening dress in satin, I shall be very disappointed."Juliana laughed. "Well, then I shall have to have it! And I do like that rose muslin."Madame Hebert lifted the bolt and passed it to a seamstress. "Excellent choice, signorina. May I suggest the gold satin as well? For evening, of course.
Any girl with a grin never looks grim.
When it comes to dress, we are supposedly free to wear whatever we want - but if this is the case, why do we wear such similar clothes? Why are we choosing to wear shoes that are almost perfectly designed to make walking as difficult as possible?
It's interesting how much you can tell about someone from their friends.
Sukey's approving glance swept over Amanda's black evening dress, made of shimmering crinkled silk that had been cut very low across the bosom and fitted tightly to her voluptuous shape. Rows of glittering jet beads adorned the bodice and long sleeves, while her gloves and shoes were of soft chamois leather. It was a sophisticated ensemble, one that made the most of Amanda's looks and generously displayed her bosom.
But I did go back and soon I realized why. I was in love
Why you like photography so much? Because it's just the camera and me showing everyone else what we can see. It's telling stories.
Confidence is the beauty, kindness is the charm, style is the uniqueness and fashion is the mask.
For seventy-five years I've made ladies dresses. That means that for seventy-five years I have made women happy. For seventy-five years I have made mature women spin around in front of the mirror like young girls. For seventy-five years I have made young girls look in the mirror and for the first time see a woman staring back at them. I have made young men's eyes pop out. I've made old men's eyes pop out. Because the right dress does that. It makes ordinary women feel extraordinary.
Take all the fullness out of this skirt," they say. "Ok," we say, "but you'll feel awfully silly in it next year." "What do I care about next year?" they answer. "Any dress which isn't in style for at least three years isn't any good to begin with," we say.
Freedom of expression is more than a fashion statement.
The thing about trends is that they change over time, but who you are is forever
Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty.
Al: Now, remind me, who's walking who down the aisle again?
I was sweating like Christy Moore at a Feis Ceol, so badly, in fact, I looked like I was sporting a finger moustache as I attempted to rescue suicidal perspiration drops from my upper lip. Classy.
Dresses don't look beautiful on hangers.
As I stood in front of the mirror in the beautiful little black dress, I knew that I was looking at a woman whom I would never see again. I wished I had never seen her in the first place, but the truth is she had always been there. I was being dishonest to myself by pretending that she hadn't.
The outfit, tight in places, and loose in some, says as much in the buttons as it does in cuffs.
We want to look desirable. We want others to want to mate with us. No different than a colorful peacock. When girls dress up for their night out at the club, they are doing what all animals do when they try to make themselves desirable for a potential mate. That's the whole point behind the fashion, perfume, cosmetics, diet, and plastic surgery industries.
Passion for what you do goes hand in hand with style.You can say I'm a passionista
This was a favourite dress, one of Sally Parker's, the last almost she ever made, alas, for Sally had now retired, living at Ealing, and if ever I have a moment, thought Clarissa (but never would she have a moment any more), I shall go and see her at Ealing.
Fashion sells education is sold.
...in those days children were rather out of fashion.
Nobody else is wearing anything even remotely like it.'Magnus cast a disparaging look around at all the fashion-challenged sailors. 'I feel sorry for them, of course, but I do not see why that observation should alter my current extremely stylish course of action.
You'll probably on the planet agree, that in the event that you're checking for wedding rings for men, and you	 have no idea about all that much about diamonds, it may be unassuming the information you require all in one place. Consider the issue of all the unmistakable styles. A man's wedding ring may be the pivotal piece of diamonds he wears. Would it be an apt thought for it to be a pearl and clear wedding bands for men that his father and granddad wore, or something with an all the besides forefront make or notwithstanding meandering into something with some panache? Style, metal choices, width, quality, and the cost of the ring are boundlessly key parts. In addition, these days, with strife metals, ethics should in like way be a key thought.
This advice from a college freshman carrying a cane?""It's a walking stick, I'll have you know.""Same difference.""Hardly. It's fashion.
Fashion is an art.
Fashion is not a government, is not political; and yet it mantles the world much the way religion does. It includes and enforces its own rules, liturgies, disciplines. It has its own territories, its own language, its own hierarchy.
Sometimes consequences are building blocks fashioned of granite when successes are shaped of clay.
It is fancy rather than taste which produces so many new fashions.
In this instance, however, the answer was quite straightforward: "Men want women beautiful, romantic... birds of paradise instead of hurrying brown hens," said Bazaar in October 1945. As families were reestablished, there was a move toward a celebratory fashion of fecundity, with closer-fitting waists and rounder hips.
Hawaii was paradise, Milan was beautiful but New York was electric.
People who copy you will always be one step behind.
Can we just stop pretending that skinny jeans are a good look on anyone? Can we just band together and go for a boot cut, please? Ladies?
Saadanne haarde Vilkaar underkaste de fleeste sig selv, for at følge Strømmen, og for at i Agt tage det som gemeenligen kaldes en Anstændighed, da dog intet er mindre anstændigt og meere daarligt, end at anvende Penge ikke alleene paa unyttige Ting, men endogsaa paa saadanne, som ere Legemet skadelige, og skille en ved mange uskyldige Fornøjelser. Jeg meener, at dens Opførsel er anstændig, der fører et Levnet lige tvert her imod; der sparer unyttige Udgifter, for at være i Stand til at anvende Penge til sin egen og Landets Ære; der gaaer til Fods, og bevæger sig, for at have et sundt Legeme; der æder og drikker saaledes til Middag, at han ikke spilder sit Aftens-Maaltiid. Saaledes er og stedse haver været mit Levnet; og veed jeg ikke at have giort Exces af noget, uden af Snus-Tabac, hvilket, saasom jeg omsider haver mærket, at det var mig ikke tienligt, jeg udi nogle Aar haver modereret.
After all, the butt of Fashion's dirtiest jokes is the public. The present American boast, that all women can be beautifully dressed if they choose, has been so clearly stated in so many ways for so long a time, that a large number of American women believe themselves to be beautifully dressed who are actually horrors to behold. Take those $10.75 copies of the dresses worn by the Duchess of Windsor in the summer of 1937. You could tell by the look on the faces of the American girls who wore them that they really felt beguiling enough to snatch off a Duke because they had a modified silhouette corresponding to that of a Duchess. The actual dress, stinted on material, cheaply imitated as to print design, bad in color and ill-fitting, was a horror to behold. You may say, if the girl feels like a Duchess, what more do you ask? I say, she looks to me like the worst mass-pro- duced imitation of a Duchess I can imagine, and it just isn't pretty.
As soon as I laid eyes on him, it all came flooding back, all the reasons why I loved him, all the reasons why I hadn't been able to let him go.
I am still not used to being the possessor of such a grand title. I believe I shall have to start wearing a purple satin turban and carrying a lorgnette.
New York is a glorious place for clearing your head and finding inspiration. Every time you step outside, you live a dozen lives.
Young girls need to learn that sexiness isin’t about being naked.
Willpower is misunderstood. The very word suggests that wanting something badly enough bequeaths that necessary strength to achieve or overcome something. If that were the case, I'd be Michael Fassbender's missus by now.
The bedlamite little hats in which American women have tried to out-lunatic each other for the past four years prove conclusively we don't dress to please anyone. We're just docile sheep who accept what's given us.
It's, All in fashion.
Jeg siger, uden Incommodation: Efterdi en kostbar Klædning kand være lige saa let at bære som en ringe, da derimod de Midler, som mine Landsmænd betiene sig af, for at lade see deres Generositet, bestaae gemeenligen udi Overflod af Mad og Drikke, udi unødige Opvartere, udi Vogne og Bære-Stole, hvilke ere min Helbred utienlige, og viderlige for min Humeur.
When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.
A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction.
You've got pretty good taste." She pulled out a suit, looked at it, put it back, pulled out another. "I can remember, you always wore good suits, good-looking suits, even before you were rich.""I like suits," he said. "They feel good. I like Italian suits, actually. I've had a couple of British suits, and they were okay, but they felt ... constructed. Like I was wearing a building. But the Italians - they know how to make a suit.""Ever try French suits?""Yeah, three or four times. They're okay, but a little ... sharp-looking. They made me feel like a watch salesman.""How about American suits?""Efficient," he said. "Do the job; don't feel like much. You always wear an American suit if you don't want people to notice you.
A friendship forged in the fires of adversity is a strong as one that has weathered the test of time.
There are no good tights, It´s all such a rare sight... Gently, I put one in. Holes are within! They´re only good for a fight.
I love jewelry because, no matter how much weight I gain or lose, it always fits.Sorry I'm not notable person, but this quote got a lot of "Likes" on Facebook.
Excuses – the great enabler. Without them, we'd have no reason to shop when we shouldn't and every reason to feel guilty for doing so. Nothing like the aul 'dog ate my knickers' chestnut to manifest a new handbag at will (in which to deposit much-needed new knickers, of course).
Yes," I continued, "I discovered this model recently and her style never fails to be mathematically perfect. She seems to come by it naturally. As if she were born resonant. I notice Japanese models tend to do this. Like I said, they seem to have resonance somewhere deep in their culture. But Yuri Nakagawa, she's the best I've ever seen. The best model, with the most powerful resonance. I need her to probe deeper into this profound mathematical instinct, which I call resonance.
Speaking of my things, you weren't actually using that darling little study were you?" sheasked sweetly.Her mate's eyes narrowed. "Why?""Because I am commandeering it for my closet.""Closet? My study is over three hundred square feet." His shocked expression was adorable."Good point. Do you use the library as well?"He stared unblinking. "Yes, actually I do.""Oh well. I'll need to call in a contractor to remodel the study into functional wardrobe.
Fashion is simply a guideline for style-less people to appear stylish.
There were no state regulations about hairstyles or clothes. It was what everyone else was wearing that determined the rules of the day. And because the range was so narrow, people were always looking out for the tiniest variations. It was a real test of ingenuity to look different and attractive, and yet similar enough to everyone else so that nobody with an accusing finger could pinpoint what exactly was heretical.
Don't let anything be too much for you
The moment is not over when you have found the right fit in your style. Begin with knowing who you really are and apologize for nothing. There are no mistakes when it comes to personal expression.
A change in hairstyle gives a new look.
If you cannot walk more than a block in your shoes, they are not shoes; they are pretty sculptures that you happen to have attached to your feet. You could hang them from your wrists for all the good they are doing you in terms of locomotion. Better to put them on a shelf and admire them from afar.
Style is a sacred fashion.
Oscar Wilde may have quipped that one can “never be overdressed or overeducated,” but Wilde did not live in our era of overeducated baristas.
Why Dont You?' wasn't totally absurd to me," Diana said later. "Of course, the columns had a certain absurdity that tickled people -- just to think that anyone would thin of writing anything so absurd. But it wasn't even writing. To me writing--Edith Wharton, Henry James...Proust, for God's sake...is a think of beauty and sustainment. 'Why Don't You?' was a think of fashion and fantasy, on the wing...It wasn't writing, it was just ideas. It was me, insistent on people using their imaginations, insisting on a certain idea of luxury.
Graceful beauty is a modest appearance.
I've no interest on initiating a fashion trend on Coruscant or anywhere else. I simply want a uniform that fits - Tarkin
Greed is the performance art of the 21st Century.﻿
Style is the woman herself.
I'm not proud to admit I once owned a fringed cowgirl jacket.
Just when you thought you knew everything about someone, they had to go one better.
If you want a new look, get a new hair style.
For the last 2 years I even have been making an attempt to downsize my makeup assortment. I appraise what is passed on to friends and family and what must been thrown away each few months. This has left Maine with a makeup assortment that i actually fancy victimization. I have
You were created, fashioned and designed in a special form to leave in the world something that did not exist before you were born!
Normally, all I'm interested in is what the person has created. Hopefully they're not a mass murderer or mass rapist, but their personality is not important to me at that stage. They've got to be pretty extraordinary to make things like that anyway.
For me, every week is a fashion week.
The beauty of the soul is wrapped in modest fashion.
And her old Uncle William used to say a lady is known byher shoes and her gloves.
Perfection isn't necessarily found only in publicly accepted trends. Perfection is found in self.
Trends are about as fickle as the direction of the wind; as are the legacies of those who flow with them.
Narcissism is as profitable to a model as scruffiness is to a homeless person.
There is an easy way of finding the job to be done today, just look around your environment; take note of the places that need cleaning and the places that need decoration; do one at a time!
It's simple,' Kat told them. 'You bombard them with images of what they ought to be, and you make them feel grotty for being the way they are. You're working with the gap between reality and perception. That's why you have to hit them with something new, something they've never seen before, something they aren't. Nothing sells like anxiety.
One Is Never Over-Dressed OR Understand With A Little Black Dress" By Karl Lagerfeld
High heels? Painful pleasure.
Mr. Poyser had no reason to be ashamed of his leg, and suspected that the growing abuse of top-boots and other fashions tending to disguise the nether limbs had their origin in a pitiable degeneracy of the human calf.
These poor girls are just bad impersonators. They look cheap, really. There’s nothing special about them. They are just reaching out to get noticed. They don’t want to be invisible anymore. They don’t want to get lost in crowds.
Coolness is not an image that can be bought or worn. True cool is an attitude that is projected from a person who is extremely comfortable in their own skin.
The beauty of the soul enfold in spiritual-life.
Las modas son legítimas en las cosas menores, como el vestido. En el pensamiento y el arte son abominación.
Dessert is to a meal what a dress is to a woman.
I do wish this time you'd try to dress better while you're home. Folks in town get the wrong impression of you. They think you are--ah--slumming.
You can have the most expensive clothes and still lack style
Hermione was back, holding out a gossamer dress of rainbow chiffon so airy I thought of fireflies on a moonlight night.
Adorn yourself with modest dressing.
You limit your options every time you don't try your best.
They took they hit the cobblestone streets to look at churches, with Isabella wearing suede Manolos. "She's breaking her legs and I tell her it's just ridiculous and that she had to get some proper shoes." She bought and put on a pair of espadrilles and promptly broke into tears. "I can't. I can't. Everytime I look down on my feet I feel so depressed." Roberts said, "Well, are you going to be depressed or are you going to have a broken ankle?" "I am going to have a broken ankle" she said and she threw the shoes away.
I believe that life is all about perception and timing. That good things come to those who act and that life’s about more than collecting a paycheck. I believe that the only person you’re destined to become is the one that you decide to be. That if you try hard enough you can convince yourself of anything. That having patience doesn’t make you a hero nor does it make you a doormat. I believe that not showing love proves you’re weak and belittling others doesn’t make you strong. That you are never as far away from people as the miles may suggest. That life’s too short to read awful books, listen to terrible music, or be around uninspiring people. I believe that where you start has little impact on where you finish. That sometimes the best thing you can do is walk away. That you can never be overdressed or overeducated. I believe that the cure for anything is salt water; sweat, tears, or the sea. That you should never let your memories be greater than your dreams. And that you should always choose adventure.
If there’s one shade a woman of colour can’t wear it’s got to be the one everyone expects, hasn’t it?
I dress to withstand the elements. I dress to be as interesting as the Tate. I dress to insert myself into social strata, to be accepted, to pass.
He who seeks beauty will find it.
Mortals trotted about in shoes and corsets made to limit movement, fashion for prey.
If you don't smell good, then you don't look good.
To express oneself fluently involves more than simply speaking the language properly. It includes inflection, voice, posture, gestures, and clothing. All of these elements add up to an individual’s personal expression. They are the elements of style.
Normality is the new eccentric.
Speaking of high-end shoe designers, in 2011 it was fascinating to see the design company of Christian Louboutin try to stop the company Yves Saint Laurent from producing high heels with red soles, claiming that Louboutin was the originator of the red sole. Louboutin lost, and I was glad. He was not the first person to paint a sole, and I am wary of patenting a color, like Tiffany blue. Why should we grant that entire history to Louboutin and say there are no predecessors and should be no successors?
BABY BOY, FASHION IS NOT FOR ADVERTISING YOUR FAVE SEX ACTS ON YOUR SHIRT. UNH-UNH, NO IT'S NOT !
...The fact that it's black transforms it. Has the same effect on women that black stockings have on men.
I don't believe in wearing track pants unless you are in an actual athletic situation.
A T-shirt is a T-shirt. Spending hundreds of dollars on it doesn't elevate it. He was under-dressed, even if his casual outfit did cost more than my suit and tie.I once had another fashion victim tell me, 'This T-shirt cost twelve thousand dollars!'What difference does that make? If that's the message you want to send about yourself and your fashion sense, you should wear the price tag, or that should be the message on your T-shirt: 'Hi. This T-shirt costs more than a semester of college.' Or: 'Hi. I have money to burn. Please help me get rid of all this wealth.' And my shirt, in turn, would say, 'Great. Please write a $12,000 check to charity.
She first peered into its fascinating cases of beetles and butterflies at the age of six, in the company of her father. She recalls her pity at each occupant pinned for display. It was no great leap to draw the same conclusion of ladies: similarly bound and trussed, pinned and contained, with the objective of being admired, in all their gaudy beauty.
What is dollar value but something to amuse people who have no imagination? People who have money and no imagination follow fashion. People who have imagination and no money fashion styles.
A few years ago I started an online flirtation with a high school flame, Andy. Things got weird and I called it off and two months later...Versace was dead...dead.
It was a uniform that signified that one was a kind of downtown aesthete; not necessarily nihilistic, but a monk in the bohemian order.
Content people give fashion a life. All the rest seek a life from fashion.
Here you will meet singular side-whiskers, tucked with extraordinary and amazing art under the necktie, velvety whiskers, satiny whiskers, black as sable or coal, but, alas, belonging only to the foreign office. Providence has denied black side-whiskers to those serving in other departments; they, however great the unpleasantness, must wear red ones. Here you will meet wondrous mustaches, which no pen or brush is able to portray; mustaches to which the better part of a lifetime is devoted––object of long vigils by day and by night; mustaches on which exquisite perfumes and scents have been poured, and which have been anointed with all the most rare and precious sorts of pomades, mustaches which are wrapped overnight in fine vellum, mustaches which are subject to the most touching affection of their possessors and are the envy of passers-by. A thousand kinds of hats, dresses, shawls––gay-colored, ethereal, for which their owners' affection sometimes lasts a whole two days––will bedazzle anyone on Nevsky Prospect.
And sometimes," she added, in a slightly hushed tone, like she was letting me in on a secret, "if you don't feel great on the inside, just look great on the outside, and after a while you won't be able to tell the difference.
It seems to make little sense how a person's self-worth or self-confidence should be wrapped up in how much their jacket is worth or what shoe they are wearing. Does a person's round or pointy-tip shoe really say anything of value about who a person is?It seems that true luxury lies in a freedom from needing that red-bottom shoe, that handbag with all the tiny initials and big price tag, or the latest trend to know that a person truly matters. True luxury seems to lie in the separation of confidence and materialism.Authentic luxury flourishes from the untying of self-worth from popular opinion.
Yoga pants often answer questions I didn't ask.
Hoffland, as it was called, was, next to Moda Polska (simply “Polish Fashion”) one of the rare examples of the quasi-private, though officially nationalized fashion companies in Poland. Both have survived communism, and Hoff kept designing well into the 90s. You could be sure, that if Hoff wrote about a new style for wearing a shawl in her column, the same afternoon there would already be dozens of girls on the streets trying to copy this style. Her flagship idea was blackening the “coffin shoes” (i.e. light, paper shoes, used as footwear for the deceased) which when colored black could pass as elegant “ballerinas”.
What did she think she understood about him? His gorgeous appearance was only the first layer, yet it was one that she savored now as if she had been hungry for it all of her life. Α wealth of lace and silk on a man was something she had always taken for granted. It spoke of power and social status, vital to the structure of society. Yet Alden had turned it into something elseHis appearance was both beautiful and witty, almost as if he celebrated the irony of hiding masculine muscle beneath such essentially feminine frippery. For a woman to put her hand on a man's sleeve and feel the hard tension of his arm beneath the silk was intensely erotic. Perhaps no age had ever been as blatantly sensual as this one. No wonder men like Alden reveled in it, reaping woman after woman like a scythe harvesting flowers.
Happiness is.. rising in LOVE in spite of gravity; falling is old fashioned.
The Classic Notting Hill junkie, i.e; Armani underwear, Pink’s shirt and Burberry belt tourniquets
Oi, doll, ignore him,' said Sia, using a notebook to fan her face. 'Sweet lord, I'm like a human hot-water bottle wrapped in doona in front of a heater at the moment. And did I tell you about the constant farting?
The Duke is worried you lack the fitness to walk up Bond Street. You’re generation lacks the drive.
Society tells me to follow my own truth, but I don't let society tell me what to do. If you need someone to tell you that, chances are you're part of the crowd that will move on to the next fashion that comes around.
Vulgar, but not as vulgar as Louis Vuitton, thought Sherman.
Think pink but don't wear it
Chic rarely bothers to leave the Rue De Faubourg Saint-Honore.
Style isn't just about what you wear, it's about how you live.
All year long Sylvia had been trying to overthrow her guileless, college girl image. She knew "cottons with big full skirts and university personalities" would have looked hopelessly naive in New York. Sylvia wanted to be hard and urban.
Why it is that a garment which is honestly attractive in, say, 1910 should be honestly ridiculous a few years later and honestly charming again a few years later still is one of those things which are not satisfactorily to be explained and are therefore jolly and exciting and an addition to the perennial interest of life.
I look in the glass sometimes at my two long, cylindrical bags (so picturesquely rugged about the knees), my stand-up collar and billycock hat, and wonder what right I have to go about making God's world hideous. Then wild and wicked thoughts come into my heart. I don't want to be good and respectable. (I never can be sensible, I'm told; so that don't matter.) I want to put on lavender-colored tights, with red velvet breeches and a green doublet slashed with yellow; to have a light-blue silk cloak on my shoulder, and a black eagle's plume waving from my hat, and a big sword, and a falcon, and a lance, and a prancing horse, so that I might go about and gladden the eyes of the people. Why should we all try to look like ants crawling over a dust-heap? Why shouldn't we dress a little gayly? I am sure if we did we should be happier. True, it is a little thing, but we are a little race, and what is the use of our pretending otherwise and spoiling fun? Let philosophers get themselves up like old crows if they like. But let me be a butterfly.
Those without color—say, dressed in all black—can go about almost unnoticed. Where the rainbow is conspicuous, their darkness acts as a kind of camouflage, masculine by contrast, and allows them to watch without being watched. It’s the choice of someone who needs not to attract. Someone self-sufficient. Someone more distant, less knowable, and ultimately, mysterious. Powerful.
Sylvia’s inherent appreciation for beauty as both artist and consumer is evident in her journals and letters…….she wrote beautifully about clothes. She wrote about them with irony and wit mixed in with all the rococo prettiness.
Cyrilly expected Sylvia – as an intelligent and ambitious young woman – to walk around pale-mouthed and flat-shoed. She saw intellectual inclinations and a taste for fashion as mutually exclusive and assumed that Sylvia would not mind missing fashion shows to work late in the office.
In 1916, Infants' and Children's Wear Review insisted upon pink for boys and blue for girls. In 1939, Parents magazine claimed that pink was a good color for boys because it was a pale version of red, which was the color of Mars, the war god. Blue was good for girls because it was the color of Venus, and of the Virgin Mary. So, pink for girls is a relatively recent trend, and utterly random.
Just so you know a weapon, a body armour can never be a fashion accessory.
I hate physical effort.
Soldier's fashion accessory is his weapon just like a jewelry for women.
Oh! do look at Miss Oriel's bonnet the next time you see her. I cannot understand why it should be so, but I am sure of this—no English fingers could put together such a bonnet as that; and I am nearly sure that no French fingers could do it in England.
Whether they come from Brooks Brothers or a thrift store, the sweaters we wear have a magnificent ancestry. Their history spans the worlds of Irish fishermen, French knights, World War I soldiers, busty Hollywood 'sweater girls,' and the television saint Mr. Rogers. That history lives in each garment. By being aware of it, we can better appreciate what we have.
I don't do fashion, i am fashion
The first casualty of war is casual wear.
But don’t you find it boring to wear only two colors?” “Not at all. I find it liberating. I believe my life has value, and I don’t want to waste it thinking about clothing,” Malcolm said. “I don’t want to think about what I will wear in the morning. Truly, can you imagine anything more boring than fashion? Professional sports, perhaps. Grown men swatting little balls, while the rest of the world pays money to applaud. But, on the whole, I find fashion even more tedious than sports.
Fashion and public relations share a charter to turn life to their own advantage, to make malleable and commercially useful the naked human perception. Both interests consider life too small, dull, and colorless to get itself sufficiently noticed without the lobbying efforts of professionals.
I find, the fancier the fashion magazine is, the worse the Photoshop. It’s as if they are already so disgusted that a human has to be in the clothes, they can’t stop erasing human features.
It's just so impressive to see how the women have used making Fair Trade clothes to escape poverty and empower themselves and their children. - Emma Watson
It's not enough, and so limiting, to teach the simplistic value of a designer's material wear. Give children the gift of values that will last far beyond [a] fad's temporal popularity.
I had walked all over the fragile bloom of his heart like a Boadicea in Blahniks
I guess the fact that they made something they could be proud of is more important than any prize ever could be. I can understand that. The beauty of the clothing itself is in the eye of the beholder. Judging art on a point system in the first place seems totally ridiculous! But since I grew up in such a competitive, point-awarding world, I wanted the grand prize more than anything. I wanted to be number one and get all the glory. Glory, huh... how stupid!
We are not looking for endless variety--we are looking for fashion." February 10, 1967, Memo re HAIR ON SITTINGS
London is speared by the tube map of fashion zone: zone one is classic-edgy, zone two is edgy-dowdy while the counties do a classic, edgy, dowdy hotch potch - epitomised so beautifully by Kate Moss.
Everything is Fair in Love, War and Fashion.
The clothes or accessories you do or don't wear are a statement, a reflection of yourself; that is why you should always try to wear 'who you are' not anyone else.
May your Valentine’s Day be filled with adoration, pampering, and a pair of gorgeous, tiny-heeled Jimmy Choo sandals that are completely useless in this weather. Just remember: You are totally worth it.
Pleasantly bustling shoppers streamed past us on Bond Street - smart-suited men and well-heeled women whose commitment to luxury goods glazed over their eyes like a bad case of malaria.
Can Flo come? She has so many clothes I really want her to get rid of.' I laugh. Flo's clothes are so funny. She buys one top and wears it every time we go out for six months, then buys another one and does the same. And the kinds of things she buys for school are boring. She gets things that look as close to school uniform as possible because she finds having to wear our own clothes every day so hard.
On a shirt, every button has its own button-hole. Fix a button elsewhere and your dressing goes crazy and nasty! On earth, everyone has his/her dreams. You have your own. Fix yourself there and your life will be fully fulfilled!
It is not easy to find someone your size once the Freshman Fifteen turns to the Sophomore Forty or the Senior Sixty. Even when, through some miracle of self-restraint and bulimia, college girls managed to continue to have feminine bodies, so many of these tacky sluts have never heard word one about what fashion entails.
80s music sounds so 80s now. But in the 80s, it just sounded like music.
And is not all of life material- based on the material- permeated by the material? Should not one learn, gladly, to utilize the beauty of the fine material? I do not speak of the gross crudities of soporific television, of loud brash convertibles and vulgar display- but rather of grace and line and refinement- and there are wonderful and exciting things that only money can buy, such as theater tickets, books, paintings, travel, lovely clothes- and why deny them when one can have them? The only problem is to work, to stay awake mentally and physically, and NEVER become mentally, physically, spiritually flabby or over complacent!
Fashion design gives you an opportunity to express how you feel".
A man who doen't wear a black suite, is not a real man".
Perhaps part of the uncanny allure of fashionable clothing resides in the paradoxical impact of its expressiveness: the act of covering up with mere dead matter--cloth, fur, leather, or even metal when it is ingeniously shaped to the purpose--appears to reveal something magical about the life inside.
An old man with overalls walked by; I don't think old people should wear overalls; it makes them look like shrivelly toddlers.
Peter eyes his swanky and incredibly dated jacket and fluffs the frills on his sleeves. Outside the window stands a guy in a tattered grey hoodie and cut-offs that slide down to his hips, thus exposing the plaid glory of his boxers. “Damn pity. If I'd known what crimes I'd be exposed to under the guise of fashion, I may have very well stayed dead.
No amount of high fashion can make up for a lifetime of poor posture.
Come now, Pendragon Princess. You didn’t get dressed up to die, we both know that.
Fashion is all about madness.
A girl without braidsis like a city without bridges.
Magnus had animated one of his magnificent Chinese fans, and it flapped ineffectively at him, barely stirring the breeze. It was, if he was completely honest with himself (and he did not want to be), a bit too hot for this new striped blue-and-rose-colored coat, made of taffeta and satin, and the silk faille waistcoat embroidered with a scene of birds and cherubs. The wing collar, and the wig, and the silk breeches, the wonderful new gloves in the most delicate lemon yellow . . . it was all a bit warm.Still. If one could look this fabulous, one had an obligation to. One should wear everything, or one should wear nothing at all.
Fashion is not the latest trends. Because every trend is not for everyone.It is what suits you".
If some musicians put half as much effort in to the business side as they do their outer look and appearances, they could be twice as far.
The happiness of being envied is glamour.Being envied is a solitary form of reassurance. It depends precisely upon not sharing your experience with those who envy you. You are observed with interest but you do not observe with interest - if you do, you will become less enviable. In this respect the envied are like bureaucrats; the more impersonal they are, the greater the illusion (for themselves and for others) of their power. The power of the glamorous resides in their supposed happiness: the power of the bureaucrat in his supposed authority.
Jewelry maybe is more expensive than clothes, but clothes are more important than jewelry.
Townsfolk have no conception of the peace that mother nature bestows, and as long as that peace is unfound the spirit must seek to quench its thirst with ephemeral novelties. And what is more natural that that of the townsman's feverish search for pleasure should mould people of unstable, hare-brained character, who think only of their personal appearance and their clothes and find momentary comfort in foolish fashions and other such worthless innovations? The countryman, on the other hand walks out into the verdant meadows, into an atmosphere clear and pure, and as he breaths it into his lungs some unknown power streams through his limbs, invigorating body and soul. The peace in nature fills his mind with calm and cheer, the bright green grass under his feet awakens a sense of beauty, almost of reverence. In the fragrance that is borne so sweetly to his nostrils, in the quietude that broods so blissfully around him, there is comfort and rest. The hillsides, the dingles, the waterfalls, and the mountains are all friends of his childhood, and never to be forgotten.
Our best analyst thinks it's not a tactical design. Something for mall ninjas....Young men who dress to feel they'll be mistaken for having special capability. A species of cosplay, really. Endemic. Lots of boys are playing soldier now. The men who run the world aren't, and neither are the boys most effectively bent on running it next. Or the ones who're actually having to be soldiers, of course. But many of the rest have gone gear-queer, to one extent or another.
Dance was her style, dance was her fashion.
Twentieth century women's fashions (with their cult of thinness) are the last stronghold of the metaphors associated with the romanticizing of TB in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.
He was a passionate adherent of the new ideas and of Speransky, and the busiest purveyor of news in Petersburg, one of those men who choose their opinions like their clothes—according to the fashion—but for that very reason seem the most vehement partisans
The late eighties was a good vintage. ID was not yet fashionable so a lot of people were doing it for the right reasons - to make good design, not become stars.
As the year goes on, certain deputies—and others, high in public life—will appear unshaven, without coat or cravat; or they will jettison these marks of the polite man, when the temperature rises. They affect the style of men who begin their mornings with a splash under a backyard pump, and who stop off at their street-corner bar for a nip of spirits on their way to ten hours’ manual labor. Citizen Robespierre, however, is a breathing rebuketo these men; he retains his buckled shoes, his striped coat of olive green. Can it be the same coat that he wore in the first year of the Revolution? He is not profligate with coats.While Citizen Danton tears off the starched linen that fretted his thick neck, Citizen Saint-Just’s cravat grows ever higher, stiffer, more wonderful to behold. He affects a single earring, but he resembles less a corsair than a slightly deranged merchant banker.
That is the key of this collection, being yourself. Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live.
She was dressing for the life she wanted, not the one she had.
wear your treasure and you will be Treasured
I'm drawn to the 1950s for lots of reasons - everything from the fashion to the increasing sense of freedom and modernity that builds throughout the decade.
I will continue to write moral stories in rhymed couplets. But I should be thrice a fool if I did it for aught but my own entertainment.
Cravats grow higher, as if they mean to protect the throat. The highest cravats in public life will be worn by Citizen Antoine Saint-Just, of the National Convention and the Committee of Public Safety. In the dark and harrowing days of ’94, an obscene feminine inversion will appear: a thin crimson ribbon, worn round a bare white neck.
Anyone can wear anything in fashion, as long as is worn by a celebrity they love.
Sit there and look pretty.
Antoinette had squinty eyes she could barely open under the six pounds of mascara and teal eye shadow she must’ve applied with a paint roller, and lips that were puckered on a permanent basis as if she were storing lemons in the deep recesses of her jowls. She smelled like a bull that got loose in a perfume shop, and had pointy high heeled shoes that threatened to burst out the sides at any moment from the pressure of being three sizes too small.
Quizá mi vida no es más que una serie de momentos de vestirse y desvestirse de nuevo para la tarea en cuestión.
As she looked in the full-length mirror in her dressing room, she added a few ropes of pearls, pinned a white silk camellia, and draped the Chantilly lace shawl. In that moment, Dana thought of fashion's most enduring icon who created this elegant and alluring style, and the happy personal life that eluded her. Mademoiselle Chanel died in 1971 at the age of eighty-eight while working on her spring collection, but her passion for work did not fill the void of marriage and children. Her success was costly, but clearly the choice of an uncompromising woman determined to achieve greatness on her own. Chanel once said, "I never wanted to weigh more heavily on a man than a bird." Quote from "A very Good Life.
Berlinerinnen also continue to reinvent Berlin fashion. Women like Claudia Skoda, c.neeon (Clara Kraetsch and Doreen Schultz), Stadtkluft (Claudine Brignot of urbanspeed and Sandra Siewert of s.wert) and Natascha Loch carry on the tradition of Berliner Chic and carry its meanings into today's fashion. Berlinerinnen will always be ready to wear: the women who live in the city, are photographed in its streets, wear local brands and give Berlin fashion its reputation as exigeant and schraeg. Without all of these women, there would be no Berliner Chic, and so it is to them that this project is dedicated.
I've got plenty.” Isabelle smiled, kicking her feet up so that her anklets jingled like Christmas bells. "These, for instance. The left one is gold, which is poisonous to demons, and the right one is blessed iron, in case I run across any unfriendly vampires or even faeries, faeries hate iron. They both have strength runes carved into them, so I can pack a hell of a kick. ""Demon hunting and fashion," Clary said. "I never would have thought they went together.
Humility is the best dress you can wear
You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.
He never chooses an opinion, he just wears whatever happens to be in style.
When you say ugly you mean your beauty is not now in style.
Some clothes provoke more feelings in me than people.
Today, Chanel sells nothing other than its griffe; the griffe is an absolute symbol for 'fashion' which, having become historical, is now able to sell this history better than it could sell fashion. Chanel's lasting success proves that fashion has become self-referential: the fetish of the mere name shows how it has begun to revolve around itself. The House of Chanel produces what Coco most abhorred: a thing of the past, dead. The visible, outwardly displayed griffe has become the opposite of individualized style: instead it confirms the latent uniform collectivity, which had always defined Chanel-wear; in the end, it signifies membership of an expensive club. The Chanel woman does not want to display her own taste, she wants to belong. In order to be certain, she is laden with Chanel signs and accessories, like amulets to protect against the evil eye; on the pocket, on the belt, on the dress buttons, on the watch, on costume jewelry, proudly stand the initials of the founder of the house, to which she knows she belongs.
Skinny jeans were only good if you had skinny genes.
Stressed, depressed, but well dressed.
I believe he was feeling a bit nervous. Possibly it was my costume that took him aback. I was dressed quite well, even elegantly, and looked as if I belonged to the best society.
Your clothes should be as important as your skin.
She'd been taught that pants were inappropriate for girls because they were immodest [...] If women's pants were suggestive, men's were equally so, and they revealed a great deal more of what was underneath them. There was almost always a bulge--you couldn't help but notice it--and if the pants were tight, you could see practically everything. And the way men were always drawing attention to it! Touching and scratching themselves with total unselfconsciousness, as if they were alone and not in public. She'd even seen Aidan do it a few times, absent-mindedly. And yet no one accused men of being improper or of encouraging sin by reminding women of what hung between their legs. She looked at herself in the mirror, irritated suddenly by the double standard. This was how her body was made. The fact that it was well made and encased in a pair of blue jeans didn't mean she was inviting anything.
Take off that darn fur coat!...Or maybe you'd like to have us open all the windows.
Sewn together patterns, like many clashing moods,She wears what No others dare
It's wisest always to be so clad that our friends need not ask us for our names.
My hair-- bob it!
fashion has a right to exist, because it permits people to define themselves over and over again.
Rationality and common sense never goes out of fashion.
The outer garments of to-day will become the under-clothes of some destined to-morrow, and centuries hence a man found walking on the public highways dressed as you are will be arrested by the police for shocking the sense of propriety of the community, and so on. It will go on and on until you will find human beings everywhere decked out in layer after layer of clothes until he or she has lost all semblance to that beautiful thing that an all-wise Providence has designed us to be.
The fashion look of teens and twentysomethings -once so cutting edge- is now, like most of the music played on the radio, a matter of routine. Safe, tired, everywhere.
Money never goes out of fashion.
The best creates, the rest follows
Vincent laughed. "No, you still need to look like a Helian.""So I should burn everything to a crisp?""Well, that would definitely get your mother's attention, but I think that she's looking for something more sophisticated and less... scary.
As she looked in the full-length mirror in her dressing room, she added a few ropes of pearls, pinned a white silk camellia, and draped the Chantilly lace shawl. In that moment, Dana thought of fashion's most enduring icon who created this elegant and alluring style, and the happy personal life that eluded her. Mademoiselle Chanel died in 1971 at the age of eighty-eight while working on her spring collection, but her passion for work did not fill the void of marriage and children. Her success was costly, but clearly the choice of an uncompromising woman determined to achieve greatness on her own. She once said, "I never wanted to weigh more heavily on a man than a bird.
In previous centuries, the Church was the great controller, dictating morality, stifling free expression and posing as conservator of all great art and music. Instead we have TV, doing just as good a job at dictating fashions, thoughts, attitudes, objectives as did the Church, using many of the same techniques but doing it so palatably that no one notices. Instead of ‘sins’ to keep people in line, we have fears of being judged unacceptable by our peers (by not wearing the right shoes, not drinking the right kind of beer, or wearing the wrong kind of deodorant). Coupled with that fear is imposed insecurity concerning our own identities. All answers and solutions to these fears come through the television, and only through television. Only through exposure to TV can the new sins of alienation and ostracism be absolved.
She did what girls generally do when they don't feel the part: she dressed it instead.
Saint Laurent has excellent taste. The more he copies me, the better taste he displays. - Coco Chanel
For, dear me, why abandon a beliefMerely because it ceases to be true?Cling to it long enough, and not a doubtIt will turn true again, for so it goes.Most of the change we think we see in lifeIs due to truths being in and out of favor.As I sit here, and often times, I wishI could be monarch of a desert landI could devote and dedicate foreverTo the truths we keep coming back and back to.––from "The Black Cottage
So I got dressed up kind of Girl With The Dragon Tattoo-y goth. As I head out, I say bye to Mum and Dad, and Mum says, ‘You look cool’, just as Dad says, ‘You look terrifying.
A wise friend once told me, 'Don't wear what fashion designers tell you to wear. Wear what _they_ wear.' His point being that most designers, no matter what they throw onto the runway, favor simple, flattering pieces for themselves.
Product WarningIf this book were a medication with a label, it would read something like this: Side Effects Include but Are Not Limited torenewed sense of self-esteemincreased motivation in all areas of lifeYou may also lose weight, fall in love, leave a bad marriage, create a better one, have closer relationships with your family, or find the job of your dreams.Some Users Have experienceda kick in their stepa swing in their hipsa twinkle in their eyeHair-tossing (commercial-style) is common, but seek medical attention if you pinch a nerve or can’t stop doing it.
Victorian rigidities were such that ladies were not even allowed to blow out candles in mixed company, as that required them to pucker their lips suggestively. They could not say that they were going "to bed"--that planted too stimulating an image--but merely that they were "retiring." It became effectively impossible to discuss clothing in even a clinical sense without resort to euphemisms. Trousers became "nether integuments" or simply "inexpressibles" and underwear was "linen." Women could refer among themselves to petticoats or, in hushed tones, stockings, but could mention almost nothing else that brushed bare flesh.
Purses are dreamt up by artists, not architects.
Fashion is merely the lowest form of ideology. To wear or not to wear blue jeans, to holiday or not to holiday in a particular place can contribute to social acceptance or bring upon us the full opprobrium of the group. Then, a few months or years later, we look back and our obsession, our fears of ridicule, seem a bit silly. By then, we are undoubtedly caught up in new fashions.(I - The Great Leap Backwards)
Let those who love me follow me'Cora Pearl, on being the very first person to dye her hair red in 1864
Attraction is easily manufactured.
You know, sometimes kids get bad grades in school because the class moves too slow for them. Einstein got D's in school. Well guess what, I get F's!!!
Every time you look up at the stars, it’s like opening a door. You could be anyone, anywhere. You could be yourself at any moment in your life. You open that door and you realize you’re the same person under the same stars. Camping out in the backyard with your best friend, eleven years old. Sixteen, driving alone, stopping at the edge of the city, looking up at the same stars. Walking a wooded path, kissing in the moonlight, look up and you’re eleven again. Chasing cats in a tiny town, you’re eleven again, you’re sixteen again. You’re in a rowboat. You’re staring out the back of a car. Out here where the world begins and ends, it’s like nothing ever stops happening.
Look! A trickle of water running through some dirt! I'd say our afternoon just got booked solid!
In the end we will remember not the words of our enemies...but the silence of our friends.- Martin Luther King, Jr.
If she’d been born at the right time they would have burned her over in Salem.
I have all these great genes, but they're recessive. That's the problem here.
How do you know your Colossus is the genuine article in the first place?I read his mind.I matched his DNA.I smelled him.I also did that.
When all is said and done, there is usually more said than done.[as quoted by Alfred E Neuman]
I leave the world in terrible turmoil. I come back, same turmoil. Nothing at all different. Well, outfits are a little different...
I need COFFEE to help me change the things I can... and WINE to help me accept the things I can't!
Imagination is just what others use to get things they can't understand into their heads. Rarely – if ever – do they actually fit there.-Hermes
Her skin is cold, and clammy; her eyes are the color of sky, on the grey, wet days that leach the world of color and meaning; her voice is little more than a whisper; and while she has no odor, her shadow smells mucky, and pungent, like the skin of a snake. Many years gone, a sect in what is now Afghanistan declared her a goddess, and proclaimed all empty rooms her sacred places. The sect, whose members called themselves The Unforgiven, persisted for two years, until its last adherent finally killed himself, having survived the other members by almost seven months. Despair says little, and is patient.
Lockheed! You found me! You are the best X-Dragon ever.
In the midst of the vagaries of life, they provide us a trip to the land of goodness and fairies, of imaginations and possibilities.A childhood that wasn't spent watching cartoons or reading comic strips, no wonder, seems too dull to imagine.
Agatha Clay: "I've never had coffee. Lilith said a young lady shouldn't drink stimulants."Zeetha: "Drink your coffee like a warrior."Agatha Clay: "...Yes, Zeetha.
Ah, I do so love this charmingly rustic, elvin kingdom!-Baozhai
You and what army of snaggled toothed wine sots?
Nothing comic isn’t serious.
Hell, if someome wrote a book about you, well, it'd sell a million copies the day it was released. And if someone else was clever enough to write a parody - you know, to privide som comic relief during these extremely difficult economic times - that would probably be an even bigger seller, or at least it shoud be. So, just come clean with me, Ed. Your secret's safe with me, and whoever reads my internet blog. You...are...a...vampire!
¡Guatita llena, corazón alakú!
Conspiracy!! And now employing juvenile mongoloid demon babies!! My famous chicken recipe will never be yours!! Grr! Woof!
You are all zombie thigh-fat people brought into reanimation by some evil force of forceful evil!
The right idea at the right time is like a dandelion...You may hack it down, but you only spread the seeds abroad.
And in a way, you could say that my father's end was my beginning...Or more precisely, that the end of his lie coincided with the beginning of my truth
Interestingly enough, whenever I cite examples from superhero comic books in a lecture, my students never wonder when they will use this information in their "real life". Apparently they all have plans, post-graduation, that involve protecting the City from all threat while wearing spandex. As a law-abiding citizen, this notion fills me with a great sense of security, knowing as I do how many of my scientist colleagues could charitably be termed "mad".
His life was now the life of a collector, and that gave it meaning. Evening after evening he would count and arrange his cuttings under the indulgent eyes of Mrs. Povondra who knew that every man is partly mad and partly a little child; it was better for him to play with his cuttings than to go out drinking and playing cards. She even made some space in the scullery for all the boxes he had made himself for his collection; could anything more be asked of a wife?
A daily dose of laughter is just what the comic prescribed.
You’ll get lunch with your true friends. You’ll make plans to get lunch with your true acquaintances.
It's when I laugh at myself that I start to see why other people laugh at me.
If you were casting the part of the evil scientist who would prove the Caped Crusader's deadliest nemesis, you'd likely glance at the headshot of German-born psychiatrist Dr. Fredric Wertham, with his owl-like glasses and severe Prussian features, and think, "Nah, too on-the-nose.
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.
We sat in the car &amp; the night droppeddown until the only sounds werethe crickets &amp;the dance of our voices&amp; for a momentthe world becamesmall enough toroll back &amp; forth between us.
If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.
It's very ugly' I said generously. 'But it looks as though it would laugh at snow. And, if you hit a deer it would hiccup, and keep going.
A hundred yards away, Mike Newton was lowering Bella's limp body to the sidewalk. She slumped unresponsively against the wet concrete, her skin chalky as a corpse. I almost took the door off the car.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
When Henry Ford decided to produce his famous V-8 motor, he chose to build an engine with the entire eight cylinders cast in one block, and instructed his engineers to produce a design for the engine. The design was placed on paper, but the engineers agreed, to a man, that it was simply impossible to cast an eight-cylinder engine-block in one piece.Ford replied,''Produce it anyway.
I come to a red light, tempted to go through it, then stop once I see a billboard sign that I don’t remember seeing and I look up at it. All it says is 'Disappear Here' and even though it’s probably an ad for some resort, it still freaks me out a little and I step on the gas really hard and the car screeches as I leave the light.
Care to see your room?” -BonesLet me guess—it’s that smashed‐up car right over there." -Cat
You and I both know that love is for children,'' he said. ''We're adults. Compatibility is for adults.''''Compatibility is for my Bluetooth and my car,'' Teresa replied. ''Only they get along just fine, and my car never makes my bluetooth feel like shit.
pg. 231-232: They'd given me a minivan. They could have picked any car and they picked a minivan. A minivan. O God of the Vehicular Justice, why dost thou mock me? Minivan, you albatross around my neck! You mark of Cain! You wretched beast high ceilings and few horsepower!
I had a definite sense of somehow being a passenger in an evil vehicle crusing through Paradise.
Unfortunately, the Best Lord had condemned both vehicles as unsafe and instead I now leased a Pack Jeep I called Hector. Equipped with dual engines, Hector worked during magic or tech. He didn't go very fast, especially during magic, but so far he hadn't stalled on me either. As long as our high-speed chases stayed under forty-five miles an hour, we would be all set.
I will build a car for the great multitude. It will be large enough for the family, but small enough for the individual to run and care for. It will be constructed of the best materials, by the best men to be hired, after the simplest designs that modern engineering can devise. But it will be so low in price that no man making a good salary will be unable to own one...
You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
So aint you think just causen you in this car now means any damn thing. It aint. He pretending it do, he lying and saying it do, but it aint. Pretend that other dame just he friend, so he say, but aint like it true.Some churchbitch she is too. Leastaways that what Amy telling me. Amy say she met her once and she aint shit.
The ultimate concept car will move so fast, even at rest, as to be invisible.
She had originally agreed to appear naked, but on seeing the cars informed me that she would only appear topless—an interesting logic was at work there.
The buzzing was like the eager purr of a muscle car that had just been started, but left in neutral. That was another of Cody’s metaphors for it; I’d said the sensation felt like an unbalanced washing machine filled with a hundred epileptic chimpanzees. Pretty proud of that one.
[And there was the matter of Dick Turpin. It looked like the same car, except that forever afterwards it seemed able to do 250 miles on a gallon of petrol, ran so quietly that you practically had to put your mouth over the exhaust pipe to see if the engine was firing , and issued its voice-synthesized warnings in a series of exquisite and perfectly-phrased haikus, each one original and apt...Late frost burns the bloomWould a fool not let the belt Restrain the body?...it would say. And,The cherry blossomTumbles from the highest treeOne needs more petrol]
want people to rock out in the car and not care that people are watching, I love that feeling when the sequences are all perfect and you can just press play. I want the music to take you on a journey.
Prudence was waiting for us when we arrived, and I saw her visibly wince as I pulled the Fiesta into the parking space beside her Lexus, like an automotive version of Lady in the Tramp.
[A Bugatti Veyron is] quite the most stunning piece of automotive engineering ever created....At a stroke then, the Veyron has rendered everything I’ve ever said about any other car obsolete. It’s rewritten the rule book, moved the goalposts and in the process, given Mother Nature a bloody nose.
[J.Lo] found us a police car. Sort of.'It's not a police car,' I said.'It is,' said J.Lo. 'Looknow. Lights for flashing.''That's true.''Writing on the sides.''Yeah, but the writing? It says ''BullShake Party Patrol.''Yes. Whatnow?
Most of all, there had been a time when honor meant something at the Colgan School, when school property was respected, when the faculty was revered—when the headmaster’s mint-condition 1958 Porsche Speedster wouldnever have been placed on top of the fountain in the quad with water shooting out of its headlights on an unusually warm evening in November. There had been a time when the girl responsible—the very one who hadlucked into that last-minute vacancy only a few months before—would have had the decency to admit what she’d done and quietly taken her leave of the school. But unfortunately, that era, much like the headmaster’s car, was finished.
In your life, always be like a driver who runs the car not just a car.
The paint was glossy, the car was clean, and we had a full tank of gas to us. The future was up to me, for now.
Aye. Freaky iffen you ask me. But guessing that what Terrible like, aye. What he deserve sneaking off into the bathroom with some rigmutton cunt, leaving me on my alones in the bar, and other men talking to me and saying I got me a date there and he fucking some whore while everyone outside the bathroom hearing them.
أن تحتكم إلى ضميرك ، كالذي يقود سيارته ورجله على الفرامل دائما
I'm not an expert of cars but I know how they make me feel.
The birds do not sing, clouds remain of rubber, glass, steel. A stone has lodged in the engine block, the process of rusting has begun. And then darkness, a cold wind, a shred of clothing fluttering where it is snagged on one of the doors which, quite unscathed, lies flat in the grass. And then daylight, changing temperature, a night of cold rain, the short-lived presence of a scavenging rodent. And despite all this chemistry of time, nothing has disturbed the essential integrity of our tableau of chaos, the point being that if design inevitably surrenders to debris, debris inevitably reveals its innate design.
A lot of people run to see who's fastest, I merely run to feel the breeze.
It wasn’t until I slowed the car and rolled down the windows that I realized I spend most of my days driving ‘through’ life without driving ‘in’ life. So, I’ve decided to walk because the pace is slower and the windows are always down.
There will always be someone better looking; better off; smarter; richer; thinner; taller; shorter; have more friends than you; a better car and a better house.You might not have what they have, but when you look in the mirror, that's you!And that's something that they don't have and will never have!
...I want to press my head into the steering wheel until the horn goes off. That way the horn will cover my screams
The sound of the car. When he's waiting he can never quite recall it. I've forgotten, he tells himself. But then it comes back to him, often in pauses between the waiting, after he's stopped thinking about it. And then she comes, and he recognizes the sound in an instant; he hears it with his tummy, it's my tummy that remembers the sound, not me, he thinks to himself. And no sooner has he heard the car than he sees it too, from the corner of the window, her blue car coming round the bend behind the banks of snow, and she turns in at the house and drives up the little slope to the front door.
Sometimes Geraldine feels like she can drive forever. Maybe that’s partially why she took a job at Milo General Motors. Driving is the best means of escape that the human race has, at least, that’s her opinion. She’s never had the guts to try drugs before, both because her sister was a junkie in the last few months she knew her, and because she’s heard the overdose horror stories, seen 'Requiem for a Dream', smelled the vapours of a meth lab that Julia’s boyfriend built, heard the crunching glass of crack vials and heroine needles when they happen to break. Even this alone is too surreal, not to mention that if she were high or tripping on acid or whatever the drug of choice may be, this would give the ghosts more power to morph into something even more nightmarish than they already are.
Her latest client is Professor Desmond Curnin, a university professor who teaches library sciences to large groups of students. He’s quick to pay on-time, quick to never fall behind. He’s a brown-haired man with an unkempt beard and thick-framed hipster glasses. He slides a leather briefcase stuffed with dollar bills into the open window of Geraldine’s car. “Your fly’s unzipped,” Geraldine points out, disgusted. “Who gave you a license to sell hot dogs, buddy?
I drive a beat-up Mercury Cougar, with the windows down and the music up. I seek my identity in toughness - but it is Morrie's softness that draws me, and because he doesn't look at me as a kid trying to be something more than I am, I relax.
The problem with car insurance is that you never know how bad your policy is until you are involved in a car crash. At that point enlightenment begins.
Most people do not realize that they are one car crash away from death.
At the base of her ankle is a deep, ugly scar she got when a car ran over her foot when she was six years old. That was in a small town in Bangladesh. Thus, even today, she hesitates superstitiously before crossing the road, and is painfully shy of walking distances. Her fears make her laughable. The scar is printed on her skin like a radiant star.
Some of the biggest assaults on my health have been from car crashes.
I have a car again! Top of the list, easily. It’s the American dream. The attendant debt is also part of the dream, I suppose. Americans have weird dreams, when you get right down to it.
Intelligence without wisdom is a like a car without a steering wheel. You can drive it as long as you don’t consider steering part of driving.
Vintage. That was what the used car sales automaton had called the little white car. Three hours later, she learned that vintage meant death trap.
Kale's usually picky about who drives his car, 'he says, smiling again. 'But in this case, I don't think he would mind''Well, technically, it's no longer his car, I point out.He tilts his head slightly. 'Touché.
So you’re the infamous Manal al-Sharif,” he said, eyeing me from behind his desk. “Aren’t you ashamed of what you did?”“Is driving a car something shameful?” I answered back.
She'd stolen my car.She'd stolen my dog.She'd stolen all my money.But if she had only asked, I would have given her it all, because when I first met her, she'd stolen my heart.
Ajali haina mkanda. Punguza mwendo wa gari lako.
Millions of people will each be killed by their dream car, job, or lover.
The first decade of driving is the most hazardous.
You missed it when you pay more attention to the damaged car in the mechanic shop than the sick human being in the hospital.
Brilliance without prayer is like a car with four flat tires. It might be a truly fine vehicle, but it isn’t going anywhere.
The mobile phone makes the automobile even more deadly.
There's only one way to steal a car and not feel guilty about it, and that's to steal the most expensive car you can find. That way, you know that it carries the maximum insurance possible, so whatever happens, the owner is covered.
An expensive car is material in nature, but driving it does not necessarily make us materialist, just as sitting in a church does not make us spiritual.
I really happy to be a member in this group.AntTravels offering luxury volvo bus rental, car hire, tempo traveller rental in Delhi for both local &amp; outstation tour at affordable price. Call +91-9811448977 for instance confirmation.
It's not about the how much power under the hood, it's about how you drive behind the wheels that's capable of...
Take care of your car in the garage, and the car will take care of you on the road.
Travelling the road will tell you more about the road than the google will tell you about the road.
Love lives in the humblest of places. It doesn't matter how big your house is, how nice your car is, how big your bank vault is...it only matters how much your heart can hold.
She said: I will be fine!Her eyes said: Don't you know?So I stopped my car and kissed her lips slowly and tenderly!
No matter what sort of car you are driving or how fast you drive, we all meet behind the same red light.
Be a true traveller, don't be a temporary tourist.
Most people do not mind having a house that is smaller and/or a car that is cheaper than their neighbours’, as long as they each earn and have more money than their neighbours, and, equally important, their neighbours know that.
Travelling shouldn't be just a tour, it should be a tale.
Rain is sexy. I like rain. But the car will be cozy. I like cozy things more. And I like the things that make me cozy.
Because he has finally realized that it is it and not him that is loved by the woman he loves, many a man is jealous of his own car, house, wardrobe, or salary.
Among all the machines, motorcar is my favorite machine.
I am emotional about engines, if you hurt my car, you hurt my heart.
Asking someone else to drive your sports car is like asking someone else to kiss your girlfriend.
Faster is fatal, slower is safe.
A car with a small hole in its fuel tank unattended to shall see its fuel draining little by little and it shall only be left in the middle of a long journey! So is life! Mind the small things!
Life without caution is like a car without brake.
7 Up soda pop mixed with bright pink grenadine with a chemical-tasting maraschino cherry stuck to the plastic straw. It was one of those drinks marketed for children, but Mandy could see that she wasn’t the only adult ordering one. For some reason or other these old-fashioned restaurants always seemed to attract old ladies ordering strawberry Jell-O with whipped cream, truck drivers ordering “worms and dirt” (chocolate pudding with Oreo cookies squished over the top in a glass bowl, fruit-flavoured gummy worms over the cookie crumbs) and businessmen trying not to get syrup from their hot fudge sundaes on their neckties and tailored suits. Mandy figured that maybe they were all trying to grasp a time way back in the past when they were all little children, excitedly ordering desert for a special occasion under the warm incandescent light from above, cheerful and bouncing music filling their minds. Hurriedly she ate the food, paid the tab and hurried back to her car in the bitter wind, not wanting to stick around for very long.
Driving your car through deep pools of flood water is a great way of making your car unreliable. Smart people turn around and avoid it.
Trekking means a travelling experience with a thrilling excitement.
Some people will each start investing more of their salary on ‘their’ house and spending less of it on ‘their’ car or cars only when they start being able to take ‘their’ house to work, funerals, weddings, etc.
Travel teaches as much as a teacher.
I’ve got money!” Eve exclaimed in a frantic frenzy of hope, her eyes dancing wildly with the notion that there was some way out of this. “I mean, I don’t know what use money is to the Grim Reaper, but I’ve got a ton of cash! It’s in a hat box under my bed! I’ve got a bright red Lexus in the garage, I’ve got my engagement ring upstairs, it’s real gold… there must be something we can trade off with…”“You can’t bribe me away, I’m afraid,” said Mr. Azrael. “Money means nothing where I come from.
Msamaha si jambo dogo. Watu wadogo, watu wenye uwezo mdogo wa kufikiri, hawawezi kupambana na changamoto za msamaha. Msamaha ni kwa ajili ya watu wenye macho kama ya tai wanaoweza kuona mbali ambao wako tayari kushindwa vita ili washinde vita. Hewa inaingia ndani ya mapafu na kutoka; chakula kinaingia ndani ya mwili na kutoka; mwanamasumbwi anapigana bila kugombana; injini ya gari haiwezi kusukuma gari mbele au nyuma bila kutoa hewa katika paipu ya ekzosi. Lakini kile kinachoingia moyoni mwako hakitoki! Maumivu yanapoingia ndani ya moyo yanapaswa kutoka nje kama yalivyoingia kwa sababu, yasipotoka yatatengeneza sumu ndani ya moyo wako na yatatengeneza sumu ndani ya roho yako pia. Sumu hiyo itahatarisha safari yako ya mbinguni na Mungu hatakusamehe tena. Badala ya yule aliyekukosea kuumia, utaumia wewe uliyekosewa. Yesu anaposema samehe saba mara sabini hatanii. Usiposamehe, hutasamehewa.
People that have a police car behind them pulling them over should put on their hazard lights and continue slowly driving to the nearest densely populated public place, such as a supermarket or shopping center. Pull over outside the busy entrance and start your video camera. Inform the police officer that you are video recording and very slowly give the requested documentation. Exercise your legal right to silence while the many independent witnesses video record the unexpected stop that rudely interrupts your day. If you are given a ticket, choose to go to court. It will give you time to obtain independent legal advice about the allegation.
The Gray Man hated his current rental car. He got the distinct impression it hadn't been handled enough by humans when it was young, and now it would never be pleasant to be around.
I am so obsessed with the cars that sometimes I feel like my heart is not a muscle, it's an engine.
It is always a great honor to be the driver of your own car, to be the boss of your own fate!
I love the wheels, I mean steering wheel.
McGee’s old touring car had once been green. It had also been painted black, but this had worn thin and you could see the original green coming through on the hood. The fenders were still black. The speedometer said 53,562 miles, but the motor was smooth. McGee drove as though he had a horse in front, saying ‘Giddap’ when he wanted to start and ‘Whoa’ when he was stopping. I was scared he would forget the horse wasn’t there sometime and try to stop by pulling back on the steering-wheel. He didn’t, though.
Alecto, have you noticed how downhill this little island is becoming?” Mandy questioned sadly. “All these organic food stores and yoga studios and cellular phone towers… Cape Breton was one of the only places left where it still had that nostalgic small town atmosphere but now… I’ve only been away for a year, how could things have changed so quickly? I mean, how can the world accept it?”“C'est la vie,” said Alecto, looking extremely tired as he stared out the window at the late November maple keys fluttering down from vibrantly red trees lining the streets on either side of the windshield.
Let's first all people out there to see what's done and then they will see why I can do about that!?
…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you.Some people might find that strange.But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.
Your memory feels like home to me.So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.
It’s painful, loving someone from afar.Watching them – from the outside.The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs…..They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.
There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it.
I miss that feeling of connection.Knowing he was out there somewhere thinking about me at the same time I was thinking about him.
I had someone once who made every day mean something.And now…. I am lost….And nothing means anything anymore.
I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand.And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.
If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard.And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.
If you’re searching for a quote that puts your feelings into words – you won’t find it.You can learn every language and read every word ever written – but you’ll never find what’s in your heart.How can you?He has it.
Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness.Love Always,The girl you loved once.
The last time I felt alive – I was looking into your eyes.Breathing your air…. touching your skin…… Saying goodbye….The last time I felt alive…. I was dying.
He was both everything I could ever want…And nothing I could ever have…
When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief….Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.
I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.
I have poured my heart out ….And now I am empty.
Every quote, every book, every film seemed to suggest that ‘one day’ someone would come into my life and love me with an intensity and a passion I had never experienced before. And to their credit they were right; It all came and went so fast it really did feel as if it were just ‘one day’....
I would have followed you to hell and back... if only you'd lead me back.
Your smile and your laughter lit my whole world.
It’s difficult for me to imagine the rest of my life without you. But I suppose I don’t have to imagine it... I just have to live it
He looked at me like I was the stars when all I’d ever felt like was the dark nothingness between them.
It’s times like this…. when it’s over a year later and I’m still crying over you that I want to turn to you and say: See…. This is why I asked you never to kiss me.
It’s funny how we say a person ‘made’ us when they actually broke us.Sort of like how I say ‘funny’... but I actually mean sad.
Worst thing was I said I am fine and you believed me
Though it’s reasons to burn may vary... you are always the fuel of my fire.
The only place I ever felt at home was with you. There isn’t a place for me anywhere anymore… I’ve been evicted.
How sad, empty, and lonely to live a life without love based solely upon control and manipulation?
Prayers for the Victims and People Affected by Las Vegas Mass ShootingThe sudden death and the mournful grief is the lightning stroke of life.
When I was sadI smiledSo everyone thought I was happyAnd smiled backEven if they were sadThey were happy that I was happyEven if we were sad.
My heart’s been empty since you left - but still I refuse to put up a vacancy sign.I’m just not ready for anybody else to move in yet.
من يدري ربما نكون أحجاراً باهتةفي العراء أو سماداً للحربثم لاينبغي أن نكره ذلك أو يسخر منه أحد !
What broke your heart so badThat you had to close every door, That you say you have a dark soulAnd can't utter the word 'love' anymore?
For every fatal shooting, there are about 3 non-fatal shootings. Folks, this is unacceptable in America.
Nothing can be worse than being unfaithful to what your heart bids you to do. It is the only failure.
You're supposed to be kind to everyone, because you never know when you're meeting an angel.
He thought himself awake when he was already asleep. He saw the stars above his face, whirling on their silent and sleepless axis, and the leaves of the trees rustling against them, and he heard small changes in the grass. These little noises of footsteps and soft-fringed wing-beats and stealthy bellies drawn over the grass blades or rattling against the bracken at first frightened or interested him, so that he moved to see what they were (but never saw), then soothed him, so that he no longer cared to see what they were but trusted them to be themselves, and finally left him altogether as he swam down deeper and deeper, nuzzling into the scented turf, into the warm ground, into the unending waters under the earth.
You gotta pay your dues to sing the blues.
Before you start finding the solution to a problem, you ought to know what exactly the problem is.
Take all the time you need to analyze your priorities, and accordingly, decide what is good for you.
We forget that there might be a limit to our imagination, but there is no limit to what we can achieve.
and take the ironmen in the rear while they are beating off what they think is my main thrust up the causeway
See the world for what it is.BEAUTIFUL!
After all we gonna find that pleny of the books which, we have put on our shelfs are useless and helpless... but still when we were younger at a day and age... and we thought this books are going to help us!
No matter what I feel, I hold the assurance that God never leaves me.
...I had gone into my wife Akemi over and over and in so many ways that the thought alone made my heart begin to race and my entire body began to sweat like summer but in the spring season.
Even today, more than eighty years after Oort's bold guess, we still don't have a clue what this dark matter is made of. We know it exists. We know where it is. We have maps of its presence within and around galaxies throughout the universe. We even have stringent constraints on what it is not, but we have no clue what it is. And yes, its presence is overwhelming: for every one kilogram of ordinary matter made out of neutrons and protons and electrons, there are five kilograms of dark matter, made out of who-knows-what.
So what? So why?
No need to be afraid. I’m just a Holon.” “Huh?” “A Holon. What are you?” “You mean who am I?” I correct him. “No, what are you?” “I’m not a what. I’m a who.” “How can you be a who if you’re not a what?” “What?
What's in a Wednesday?You! That's who!Happy Wednesday.
...And..." suprisingly enough... in what we believe it becomes a reality.
What is for me; it is for me, I am confident, undoubtedly.
Me has nothing to do with you...Your case is like "I don't know..."My case is like:"I know... but what to choose?
Before you act for the greater good, you should know what is great and what is good.
Lt. Denice Barnum at the helm gave a sigh, then replaced her nail file on the control panel, beside her spray bottle of nail varnish and "like steel" hardener. "Sir?""What's wrong with this picture?" he said, pointing at his plate. The youth looked. He looked at Marnetti. "Nothing, sir...looks normal to me, sir.""Look again." He looked harder. He squinted."Sir?"Marnetti sighed. "This is stewed Kwarracks, isn't it, son?"“Yessir." The lad nodded."Well, as far as I know, Kwarracks is supposed to be dead when you eat it, not so?""Yessir." He agreed."This one's still waving its tentacles.
No need to feel shame for what you are.
What is the wish of your city?Why have I fallen in love with your city?
What a boob.
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing? Is the unified theory so compelling that it brings about its own existence? Or does it need a creator, and, if so, does he have any other effect on the universe? And who created him?Up to now, most scientists have been too occupied with the development of new theories that describe what the universe is to ask the question why. On the other hand, the people whose business it is to ask why, the philosophers, have not been able to keep up with the advance of scientific theories. In the eighteenth century, philosophers considered the whole of human knowledge, including science, to be their field and discussed questions such as: did the universe have a beginning? However, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, science became too technical and mathematical for the philosophers, or anyone else except a few specialists.Philosophers reduced the scope of their inquiries so much that Wittgenstein, the most famous philosopher of this century, said, “The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language.” What a comedown fromthe great tradition of philosophy from Aristotle to Kant!However, if we do discover a complete theory, it should in time be understandable in broad principle by everyone, not just a few scientists. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists, and just ordinary people, be able to take part in the discussion of the question of why it is that we and the universe exist. If we find the answer tothat, it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason – for then we would know the mind of God.
It is not important what is said, what is important is what is heard.
Human is what he decides to be.
What if "No"… means "Yes" and by itself it's a rape fantasy.
What are you doing?” I asked Loretta. “Stabbing a cushion,” she told me.
Of two friends one is always the slave of the other, though often neither will admit it.
You are what you are, and what you are is not me!
Who or what would you put first, your country, your family or someone you loved.
You ain't prepared for what's next, neither for what's commin.
What you pursue is what you embrace
At the age of 45, most days in Tucson were spent feeling like I was on the summit of Mauna Kea, as I was exhibiting debilitating health symptoms that corresponded to what I saw at very high altitude. I was later to find that I had erratic low blood oxygen levels after almost a decade of high altitude work.
What you think, is not what you say... as Malcolm Gladwell Said.
Sometimes you need to lose everything to find what is valuable.
Don't like me for what I am.Just like me for who I am.
What is it that makes you so angry, bothers you so deeply, that you're compelled to act?
As a panting Tracy Ferris scrambled into the life-pod, this thought was precisely what was running through her already agitated mind. From the very beginning of their association, she’d had a bad feeling about Brandon Carver. Something about that guy just never seemed to fit. Sure, he was good looking – but so were many of the other out of work space bums hitch-hiking from place to place she’d also had the misfortune to meet.
You cannot give to others what you have not given to yourself first.
Listen to the sadness,the echoes in my mind,the place where I usually hide,but now I cannot find.Why had it happened?What had I done?Where was I going?Now I'm on the run.Hiding from the echoes,the pounding in my ears,the beatings getting louder,it isn't death, I fear!
This world was meant to be shared by everyone.What I want to ask is, "What happened?
Now is the time when you see people which you know... but they start ignoring you... and how do you deal with that?
What matters is the one thing I do know for certain: God is with me.
What we define ourselves us can sometimes bring forth the best images of ourselves--or vice versa, will create some of the worst restrictions we place on our lives.
One common thing about great achievers is that, they keep asking useful questions every day. They ask questions like; “What do I want and what do I need to do to get it?
Never criticize what you don't understand.
When you hear the echoes of my mind, you'll know that I wasn't listening to what you said.
Let your actions speak LOVE. No matter what it is.
What it is, it is.
What one promise do you need to claim? Find it. Don't give up. Cling to it.
I’ve never been motivated by money – it doesn’t drive Me.
What you show is what you represent
What in this fucking world are you going to tell me?...One book has been written by You so far... you have read few books and you are spreading what!?
That's what hookers get......
We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
How do you love your children?By doing what's best for them.Then how would you love yourself?The same way. By doing what's best for you.How do you find out what's best for you?Read the Word of God.Then how do you love yourself? By doing what the Word of God says.
In God's economy, you may even harvest a crop in places where you didn't plant seed. When you're generous, you will be blessed, whether it comes to you materially, spiritually, emotionally, relationally, or some other way. God obviously cares much more about what happens in our hearts than what happens in our bank accounts, more about our attitudes than our credit scores. Giving generously changes you. It frees you up, undermines the power that money and possessions can have over you, and it makes you more like Him.
She said, "Right now, while we have this time, I'm not going to do any of that other stuff. I'm going to seize this moment and simply enjoy being with Jesus while I can." Mary made a deliberate choice. She wasn't being lazy and using company as an excuse to get out of helping her sister with chores. She was choosing to focus on what mattered the most.
I'm tired of being what everyone else wants.Tomorrow, I'm going to be what I want for a change.I'm going to be a rainbow.Now that's different!
We are what we are.
Extreme measures bring extreme results. If you want a normal life, do what normal people do. If you want to know God intimately, walk with Him daily, and please Him in every way, you're going to have to do what few do. Absolutely nothing.
God says happiness is contentment with what you already have, with what He provides you, with what you can share.
Pause for a moment and prayerfully consider your response: What breaks your heart?
28. Feelings are neither right nor wrong. It's what you do with them that causes the problems.
What Fucks me... is that we both are the same... we all walk on the same path... but everything is about proper directions and understanding the data.
So rich a client having suffered such a messy death was an unsettling embarrassment to Captain Harald Biscay. It was bad for business. He had the murder hushed up immediately, his security staff investigating the matter covertly but thoroughly. Five and a half thousand souls onboard. Five and a half thousand suspects. Three days. So far, nothing. Now it would be taken further by the planetary authorities on the colony world below. A forensic team (cunningly disguised as a cleaning crew) was now rummaging through Smiffs apartment, examining every single particle. He had a feeling -- a strong feeling, about what they were going to find. Somehow, Biscay was of the opinion that this was going to be another contender for the Unsolved Murders show.
So if it seems like you're doing something different from what everyone else is doing, and if sometimes that feels hard, this is a good thing, not a bad thing.
Fueled by faith and passion for our true priorities we're going to drive against traffic in order to find rest, refreshment, and time for what matters most in life.
Remember, to get what you've never had, you must do what you've never done. But to get what you once had, you must do what you once did.
No matter what sin you find yourself in, turn to God. Let Him forgive, heal, and restore.
Soon it would be his turn. Kaine wondered how he would meet Death. His ship was a mess, in every sense of the word. Systems were in disarray, damaged equipment malfunctioning, and control panels shattered by blaster-fire littered the decks. In the fighting, severe hull damage had caused parts of the ship to be sealed off. Dead bodies – or raw red chunks of them – lay everywhere. The corridors were dark where the lights had failed. His footsteps echoed eerily as he ran down them. He’d been on the run for what felt like days. He felt naked, his tattered, sweat-drenched tunic clinging to his body, especially under his breastplate. Fatigue had caused him to discard his body amour. It was of no realistic use anyway, and just made him hotter and sweatier, made stealthy movement more difficult – and weighed him down.
Teach your kids by modeling what you claim to believe.
Can you tell me... what type of face is that.- Feeling disturbed... angry, mad... crazy???- WHAT?
You get what you want and you become its slave.
We both know... that soon everything is going to end......This chat will be in the past... but what to do on that riddle or puzzle or mystery...????
Secrets... Dexter a perfect example what... can happen with secrets.
Debate... as much you go and debate... you will spend more than 1 hour to shake his opinion and few more hours to make him to change his opinion. (I Know the result... I know the fact - So what next?)
Your Pursuit Is What You Get
26. Don’t marry someone with intolerable characteristics in the hopes of changing him or her. If you can’t live with someone who drinks or someone who isn’t a Christian or someone who isn’t clean, then don’t marry that kind of person. The chances for miraculous improvements or changes in behavior are slim. What you see is what you get!
My Message is already out, what has left is to go and to do your part of the work.
Listening to her spooling out impractical and transcendental picture-concepts like a hyperventilating tickertape he felt the weight lift from him, floating in a sweet and putrid lager fart to dissipate beneath the starry, vast obsidian pudding bowl of closing time, inverted and set down upon the Burroughs as though keeping flies away.
If this all works which I have read and some of which I have written did happen just one year... the events... wow...wow... what type of serial killer... what type of crazy mad stuff are going to happen... it's just an example of chaos.
Reasons... questions... what they have in common?- All get finded in the hard way.
... I am you... what am I going to do?"- Backstrom
Ask yourself what you will care about when everything is on the line.
This was his first trip on the Ossifar Distana, his first real splash in life. Look what it got him. Mister Smiff liked anonymity. He kept a low profile, often traveling under assumed names, claiming to be anything from a banker to a (very) successful life insurance salesman. He’d never broken the law, at least not irreparably. He was quite generous, well liked, sponsoring many charities anonymously – which is why it was so surprising to find him floating face down in the private spa in his apartment, murdered. He had been murdered, unless it was a freak shaving accident. Those old razors weren’t called cut-throats for nothing. Yikes.
Your most precious memories will focus on those you loved, those who loved you, and what you did together in the service of the Lord.
To have been possessed by something so awful and so alien, and then the next morning wake up from it, remember what happened, and realize what I had done, with a clear mind and all my essential moral and ethical feelings intact at that moment, [I was] absolutely horrified that I was capable of doing something like that.
Okay, now what to do if I don't like this person like him or her??SAy a lie? - Is it okay?(So far theoretical truth, comes from the lies, the lies are the beginning...)Say a truth?- So far it hurts,...
You said that you are ill... but from from what?
What impressess me is that one bug... error... glitch.... just ruin the perfection of myself.
Stop for a moment... let's see what you have skipped!
Save your ass, give my ass.... what a friend you are...
38. “A wet bird never flies at night.” (My grandfather said that to me when I was a child and warned me not to forget it. I remember his words but never did figure out what he meant!)
25. Whenever two human beings spend time together, sooner or later they will probably irritate one another. This is true of best friends, married couples, parents and children, or teachers and students. The question is: How do they respond when friction occurs? There are four basic ways they can react:•	They can internalize the anger and send it downward into a memory bank that never forgets. This creates great pressure within and can even result in disease and other problems.•	They can pout and be rude without discussing the issues. This further irritates the other person and leaves him or her to draw his or her own conclusions about what the problem may be.•	They can blow up and try to hurt the other person. This causes the death of friendships, marriages, homes, and businesses.•	Or they can talk to one another about their feelings, being very careful not to attack the dignity and worth of the other person. This approach often leads to permanent and healthy relationships.
What I want???I just want silence I can afford it, it doesn't need to pay for it or does it?
Now I need to speak directly and with compassion to those who have already pushed open the door of premarital sex. The monster has been released. You've lost your virginity and may have been sexually active for years. Perhaps you've been carrying a load of guilt for doing what you knew was wrong.
Given these differences between the sexes, the sexual revolution was the biggest joke men ever played on women. By convincing them that the old rules didn’t apply and that two could play the predator game, men enticed women to do what men have always wanted women to do. But what a price was paid for the new “freedom.” And predictably, women were the ones who got stuck with the bill.
God has made us as pawns... when he is bored of playing with us on the playground he just remove us... so what we to do now???To move less, to move more???- What??
There is no indication that God explained to Joseph what He was doing through those many years of heartache or how the pieces would eventually fit together. He had no ways of knowing that he would eventually enjoy a triumphal reunion with his family. He was expected, as you and I are, to live out his life one day at a time in something less than complete understanding. What pleased God was Joseph’s faithfulness when nothing made sense.
I know a lot of stuff... but what I will say is that you know very small for what's really on the deep web.
Adult don't know what they say and what they mean once that... other moment something else... it's okay for the kids... they grown they still don't know a lot of stuff but they have excuse!- BUt what's the adult... excuse?!
I wonder if He anticipates the day when He can make us understand what was occurring in our time of trial. I wonder if He broods over our sorrows.
YOu enjoy it, didn't you?YOu like it, didn't you?You are now smiling are you?(You are asking for what... So far I will say "Nothing, nothing --- Just my mistake...")...I know what you are thinking you want I to be your next victim! ( DON"T YA? :) :) :D)
If it's about what I like, I like opera as a music and deathstep and dubstep.
That’s why we must continue to support godly men and women who have dedicated their lives to Christian principles and to continuing those ideas in our offspring. Professors’ worldviews influence whatever they teach, from humanities to basic sciences, and what they think about God cannot be hidden from their students.
Be a good guide, tell me what you see, are sure is that?Please try to describe the picture as much vocabulary as possible!
Tell me what you like, tell me how you feel, tell me which stuff are your favourite, what you enjoy doing and so far I can give you one well written book based on this stuff!?
Look what we, the humans, the humanity!???What we are doing in "The Purge", it's shown.
To find why that happen and why this is happening, you should start from the beginning the problem comes from the beginning go and remove the bug, fix the problem and try again to see what will happen...Life is like a program you can fix it by going to that point and fixing it, but be careful what do you program and how you do it and what type of codes you use!
What's the feeling, nobody can hear you???What's the feeling you to scream and nobody hears?What's the feeling, to can't do anything?
Adult don't know what they say and what they mean once that... other moment something else... it's okay for the kids... they grow... they still don't know a lot of stuff but so far I see that they have an a excuse!- BUt what's the adult... excuse?!
People use what you want against you... without you knowing it.
What you are good at, you never do it free!
Thus, we knew at the onset of the sexual revolution back in 1968 that this day of disease and promiscuity would come. It is here, and what we do with our situation will determine how much we and our children will suffer in the future. God created the moral basis for the universe before He made the heavens and the earth. His concept of right and wrong was not an afterthought that came along with the Ten Commandments. No, it was an expression of God’s divine nature and was in force before “the beginning.
Happiness ends with horror, you get terrified from the news don't ya?From the earthquakes, up to the danger stuff happen around the world... or you take it as happiness?So you hush it, don't ya?You make hush, and what??How it helps that, how can quietness or so far soundlessness will help you?How... how you know that god exist, how you know that all what you know is right?So far what I have read from the bible it sounds like humankind handwriting or let's say written by humankind. I doubt that gods it's like us, so far you just make him a guy who is like the guy on the street and wanting money, so far to get money you should provide some kind of service and you get the reward, without service there isn't money, it's matter of fact, not matter of moment.SO what, are you thinking about, share it... I will use it somehow, so far let's see what you have created and I will fix it. But be smart!
Belief, hard work, love–you have those things, you can do anything.
When it was her own doing, she was always tempted to skip a day, or just glance down, then get back to the ground. Kel had to force herself to keep her vow.
To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.
Ang liit at laki ay nasa isip lang. Bakit kami nina Bubuyog at Gagamba, may naipundar din kami kahit papano. Nasa pagsisikap lang 'yan ng tao!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Nothing Comes Home...You Have To Get OUT &amp; Get IT~!
To succeed in this competition means finding yourself in a place where you call the shots and get the gains. This is not an easy feat, unless you are born into it. if you are not, you will need to out-smart your equals. You need to be more ambitious than they are. You need to work harder. You need to look better and smarter. You need to justify why it should be you and not them. It’s a competition.
Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy,To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!
The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.
There is no limit to how good you can get in pursuit of perfection.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard
You can't expect to grow stronger when you avoid hard stuff. I have never met someone who's said, "I'm so thankful I took all those short cuts in my life. Best move ever.
You need to roar like thunder... to show your work... even if you shine like lightning!" ⚡
Labor omnia vincit! "Labor conquers all things!
No step is a small step.
Be exceptional amongst exceptional people.
Ultimately, while it is very important to devote oneself to work painstakingly, to get oneself totally engrossed in work while neglecting everything else, is equally incorrect.
Designing Structures is an art and this needs to be transparent, as designs come and go but creativity stays there
Learn to allow your team leaders to shine while you reign. All that matters in the end is the result, nobody cares about attention without financial benefits.
Find yourself drowning in a sea of trouble, and hard work can become the raft that ends up keeping you afloat.
Work Hard's Till death
There's a time for exposure; until then keep laboring in obscurity.
Successful people follow their passion, not money. Nonetheless, their success attracts money.
Don't drag too much attention with your downlines if you want to get the best of them.
I will not give up this chase I will not give up this phase I will not let rejection stop me I will not let failure deter me I will not let struggles affect me I will not let hardwork thwart me Come on sing with me I will not give up this chase I will not give up this phase
Being number one doesn't mean you are the best.
Talent has no value without hard work.
What is often called exceptional ability is nothing more than persistent endeavor.
Guys are busy making major moves while we are sleeping.
Anything worth having is hard to get, therefore – anything worth losing is hard to let go. Success is revenge.
Be transparent. Let's build a community that allows hard questions and honest conversations so we can stir up transformation in one another.
Never try to justify your failures based on your luck. You just didn’t work hard enough!
Work harder so that our sweat would flow over the tears of failures
Successful people aren't born successful. Behind it all there is hardwork, persistence and a lot of grit.
If we never make it, then don't ever to fake it... sometimes accepting a failure will make you be an expert in your own way,
Don’t feel ashamed of working hard! Believe that things will change.
Feeling unlucky? Find opportunities, work your butts off and nail them!
One who achieves through struggle has a far good taste of happiness than who gains at once.
Free cheese comes only in traps.
I need my eulogy to look better than my resume. I'm living for that.
Liberals are more likely to see people as victims of circumstance and oppression, and doubt whether individuals can climb without governmental help. My own analysis using 2005 survey data from Syracuse University shows that about 90 percent of conservatives agree that “While people may begin with different opportunities, hard work and perseverance can usually overcome those disadvantages.” Liberals — even upper-income liberals — are a third less likely to say this.
You couldn’t control how your story started, but you can write a few good pages in there
Regardless of where you started, there is always the next level. You need to keep leveling up your skills.
Nothing Can Beat Hard Work, But Hard Work Itself
No going around it, no short cuts, no laying of hands, no amount of service, no amount of prophecy, without hard work, everything else goes to waste.
Whatever you want, you must have the desire to work for it.
Believe in yourself, keep a can-do approach, struggle hard and watch success follow.
Pride could have destroyed me. But i cheated on pride. if i could cheat on pride then i could cheat on success too. Both were never met to good lovers. Jovita Efehi Obadolagonyi
Pride would have destroyed me. But i were able cheat on pride. if i could cheat on pride then i could cheat on success too. Both were never meant to be good lovers. Jovita Efehi Obadolagonyi
Success is only possible to those whose hearts are willing and ready to embrace hard work
Even a low class can surpass an elite, with enough hard work
Give your best today AND give it all you've got! At the end of the day, it's better to feel exhausted and happy, than depressed and overwhelmed.
Pride would have destroyed me. But i were able to cheat on pride. if i could cheat on pride then i could cheat on success too. Both were never meant to good lovers. Jovita Efehi Obadolagonyi
Instead he was grabbing at whatever was available in this system that no longer held the old predictable relationship between effort and result as true
There is nothing like 'sit back and enjoy'Reread.
You cannot reach success only by working hard, you also need to be working smart.
My generation of radicals and breakers-down never found anything to take the place of the old virtues of work and courage and the old graces of courtesy and politeness.
One secret to living a great and successful life is to learn to develop and improve your potentials. Keep working on them, keep exercising and putting them to use. They get better and better the more you cultivate them.
You won't know what "success" means if you don't appreciate what "hardwork" is.
The pain in your muscles and the sweat in your brow after doing a work the hard and honest way make you feel proud of yourself!
A lot of hard work comes together to form joy
I can’t even believe the world we live in. My parents raised me to work hard, not to ever expect any handouts in life – and to treat people with respect.
If you build it well, a satisfaction comesAn honor to say I built that with fidelity,Purpose, value and integrity
I want to say something here, a lot of times, each of us may have been guilty of labeling someone materialistic because they have a high standard or expectation from those they want to relate with or deal with. In our minds, we are pissed off. How can they elevate the standards so high, so high that we are excluded, it must be selfish of them and in fact wicked. They are saying that we are not fit to be their friends, etc, etc. We spend so much energy trying to analyse and sometimes even dare to dictate to others what standards they should keep and maintain so we can fit in, I think with respect, it is a flawed way of thinking about the situation. It is a manner of thinking about the situation that may never solve of problems, our inadequacy.The government may set standards and regulations about how we ought t conduct our affairs in the public, but it will hardly, rarely and barely concern itself with the regulation of personal and private life, except those private actions that have or bring about public consequences. As such, each one of us has the power to make Rules and Regulations for the Admission of Persons into our lives, it is not in your capacity to cry when someone chooses to set his as high as the Eiffel towerFinally, instead of dying of envy, jealousy or resulting in character assassination, what you may do is spend time climbing the ladder of life, that you may become relevant to those you wish to dine and wine with. This is the hard part and most of us will rather squirm and cry-fowl. The rules of the game was set by nature, quitting, is a choice too.
I believe you can only be lucky if you start out beingvery good
But there was no time to rest on my laurels.
Photographs are like diamonds. Polish them well to make them priceless.
Remember, In life, when you're given anything for free, be grateful 'cause the best and rarest things in life are for free; and when you're given easy access to anything, be suspicious 'cause the best things in life come from hardwork.
Salesman profesional tidak terpengaruh oleh situasi atau keadaan ekonomi, kompetisi, atau pelanggan; atau membiarkan situasi apa pun memengaruhi sikap dan emosi mereka. Mereka selalu percaya dan yakin akan perusahaan, produk, dan diri mereka.
Kunci keberhasilan dalam hal apa pun adalah disiplin, komitmen, dan konsisten.
Create a world for yourself in which you can rest,until then stay restless.
...he had also acquired a peculiar academic quirk. During exams, he knew all the answers but wasn’t able to successfully map his answers to the right questions. So as soon as an exam started, he simply started putting his answers in the order in which he remembered them. Every time he moved to a new class, his parents made the new teachers aware of this snag. The teachers acknowledged it and reassured the parents that they’d match his answers against the appropriate questions.
Our promise was to deliver value before profit, ...
Mereka (pemilik perusahaan) sangat menghargai salesman yang bekerja keras walaupun hujan sedang turun lebat. Pelanggan mempunyai mata dan hati, mereka tahu dan kenal mana salesman yang mau bekerja keras dan salesman yang asal-asalan. Jadi dalam kesulitan pasti ada berkat, asal saja kita jeli melihat dan memanfaatkannya.
Banyak literatur yang menggambarkan salesman yang sukses sebagai sosok yang ekstrover, yaitu yang memiliki kepercayaan diri tinggi, pandai bicara, dan gemar bergaul. Namun banyak juga yang mendukung ciri-ciri yang ada pada salesman introver, yaitu kemampuan mendengarkan yang baik, memiliki rasa empati yang besar dan kemauan untuk melayani.
If you don't take professional pride in your work, you're probably in the wrong job.
Banyak salesman yang positif, proaktif, dan energetik sehingga menularkan semangat dan energi kepada saya setelah pertemuan dengan mereka.
No one "deserves" success; it is either earned with hard work or lost to the hands of fate.
When your pain gets tough, your game needs to get rough.
The first obligation for every church is to teach their members the value of hard work.
Dedicate your self,To the self you want to be.
Bagaimana kita tahu apakah seorang salesman memiliki passion atau tidak? Jawabannya ada pada berapa banyak waktu dan uang yang mereka investasikan secara pribadi untuk pengembangan diri di bidang sales.
I do not know anyone who has gotten to the top without paying the price. It takes an attitude of hard work, commitment and purpose.
Nothing comes easy in life even heart has to beat 72 times in a minute to keep you alive.
The reward is in the middle of hard work for a reason.
This had been his world and he had been happy there. For all the inconveniences and hardships of military life, for all that he had emerged from the army minus half his leg, he did not regret a day of the time he had spent serving.
Being number one doesn't mean you are the best.
Let’s downplay religion and lets begin to work hard on who God wants us to become.
The aspirant of the night is alone, the work merely a bubbly tale; a journeyman funneling ideas into gemstones.
Guys are busy making major moves while we are sleeping.
Women need food, water, and complimentsThat's right.And an occasional pair of shoes.
It doesn't matter how great your shoes are if you don't accomplish anything in them.
What do women want? Shoes.
I never wear flats. My shoes are so high that sometimes when I step out of them, people look around in confusion and ask, "Where'd she go?" and I have to say, "I'm down here.
Elene gasped and sat up. "Kylar Thaddeus Stern!"Kylar giggled. "Thaddeus? That's a good one. I knew a Thaddeus once.""So did I. He was a blind idiot.""Really?" Kylar said, his eyes dancing. "The one I knew was famous for his gigantic-""Kylar!" Elene interrupted, motioning toward Uly."His gigantic what?" Uly asked."Now you did it." Elene said, "His gigantic what, Kyler?""Feet. And you know what they say about big feet." He winked lasciviously at Elene."What?" Uly asked."Big Shoes," Kylar said.
I was sad because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no feet. So I said, "Got any shoes you’re not using?
The very idea of making shoes by hand boggled her mind.
In a meat-eating world, wearing leather for shoes and even clothes, the discussion of fur is childish.
Paris is a heaven for all woman's obssesions: hot men, great chocolates, scrumptuous pastries, sexy lingerie, cool clothes but, as any shoe-o-phile knows, this city is a hotbed of fabulous shoes.
I really think guys only need two pairs of shoes. A nice pair of black shoes and a pair of Chuck Taylors.
Sometimes comfort doesn't matter. When a shoe is freakin' fabulous, it may be worth a subsequent day of misery. Soak in Epsom salts and take comfort in the fact that you're better than everyone else.
Never dance in a puddle when there's a hole in your shoe (it's always best to take your shoes off first).
If somebody steps on your shoes and ruins them, don't freak out.. get a new pair of shoes. If you miss something, don't freak out.. there's nothing you can do to change it.. just move on
What I really love about them... is the fact that they contain someone's personal history...I find myself wondering about their lives. I can never look at a garment... without thinking about the woman who owned it. How old was she? Did she work? Was she married? Was she happy?... I look at these exquisite shoes, and I imagine the woman who owned them rising out of them or kissing someone...I look at a little hat like this, I lift up the veil, and I try to imagine the face beneath it... When you buy a piece of vintage clothing you're not just buying the fabric and thread - you're buying a piece of someone's past.
It's a miracle I was able to get out of the house today. It's a miracle I'm even wearing pants, a double miracle I remembered to wear shoes.
For women, shoes are the most important. Good shoes take you good places.
Yes no yes no yes no?Red blue?Yes red, no blue?No red, yes no?In out, up down?Do don't, can can't?Choices sit on the shelf lifeNew shoes in a shoe shop.If the in crowd are squeezing into a must-have shoeAnd the one pair left are too tiny for youDon't feel compelled into choosing themIf you're really a size 9, buy that size.While everyone elseHobbles round with sore feetYour choices should feel comfortableOr they aren't your choices at all.Why limp when you can sprint?
Besides, I'd seen a really nice pair of shoes yesterday in the mall and I wanted them for my own. I can't describe the feeling of immediate familiarity that rushed between us. The moment I clapped eyes on them I felt like I already owned them. I could only suppose that we were together in a former life. That they were my shoes when I was a serving maid in medieval Britain or when I was a princess in ancient Egypt. Or perhaps they were the princess and I was the shoes. Who's to know? Either way I knew that we were meant to be together.
I remembered her once saying that life was like your shoes. You couldn't simply expect or imagine that your shoes would fit perfectly. Shoes that pinched your feet were a fact of life.
Not a believer in the mosque am I,Nor a disbeliever with his rites am I.I am not the pure amongst the impure,I am neither Moses nor Pharaoh.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not in the holy books am I,Nor do I dwell in bhang or wine,Nor do I live in a drunken haze,Nor in sleep or waking known.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not in happiness or in sorrow am I found.I am neither pure nor mired in filthy ground.Not of water nor of land,Nor am I in air or fire to be found.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not an Arab nor Lahori,Not a Hindi or Nagouri,Nor a Muslim or Peshawari,Not a Buddhist or a Christian.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Secrets of religion have I not unravelled,I am not of Eve and Adam.Neither still nor moving on,I have not chosen my own name!Bulleh, I know not who I am.From first to last, I searched myself.None other did I succeed in knowing.Not some great thinker am I.Who is standing in my shoes, alone?Bulleh, I know not who I am.
What would be a bigger spectacle, a female with one shoe on or a well-dressed female with no shoes? This is New York so I said fuck it.
.. its not so much about the shoes, but the person wearing them
There was something factitious and brittle and thereby utterly feminine about her charm which made me want to crush her, even to crunch her. She had a slight cast in one eye which gives her gaze a strange concentrated intensity. Her eyes sparkle, almost as if they were actually emitting sparks. She is electric. And she could run faster in very high-heeled shoes than any girl I ever met.
The stiletto is a feminine weapon that men just don't have.
Not every woman is obsessed with shoes. But every woman is more obsessed with shoes than her husband is (although that's not too difficult to accomplish, since your husband has exactly two pairs--black shoes that are ten years old and barely broken in and sneakers that are so dirty they classify as a biohazard).
I, a woman, find wearing high heels agreeable only on the very rare occasion that (1) I will be ferried between destinations upon a palanquin or (2) I am going to a cocktail party and, at five feet two, don't want to spend the evening discussing the latest movies with somebody's nipples.
I could walk a mile in your shoes, but I already know they're just as uncomfortable as mine. Let's walk next to each other instead...
Above all, believe in true love and know that men are like shoes. A couple is like a left and a right foot, and out there is your perfect fit. Sometimes you need to change styles and shop around to find it. Sometimes you have to break styles in, sometimes you feel like something that is unstylish but comfortable, and sometimes a style - as much as you like - just doesn't suit you and will never fit.
But he is an Italian," was Umberto's sensible reply. "He doesn't care if you break some law a little bit, as long as you wear beautiful shoes. Are you wearing beautiful shoes? Are you wearing the shoes I gave you?...principessa?"I looked down at my flip-flops. "I guess I'm toast.
She had the underwear of a thirteen-year-old, as well, he thought. He glanced back at her. But the shoes of a courtesan.
With time comes perspective.
If the yellow patent leather flats fit...
The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.
Shit happens. Doesn't mean you have to step in it. But if you do I would buy a new pair of shoes.
The look he shot her was incredulous in the extreme. "You have a filing system for your shoes?
She could hardly believe these were her shoes; she had to double-check the manufacturer label to see that they were. Where once the leather had been sagging and scuffed, it was now supple and flawless. Justy had cut the front down so that the cleavage of the toes could be seen. He had taken that sturdy but but rather chunky heel off completely and replaced it with a thin stiletto. Justy seemed to know the exact height to make the heel sexy, but not so terrifyingly high that Ellie would have to worry about tripping and breaking her neck. Along the front, just above the toe, was a black suede flower and a metal bud, making it look both modern and feminine.The shoes were gorgeous. They looked haute couture, although Ellie knew they had come from the village shoe shop.
Ursula ta-daed back before their eyes, her noodle legs looking like Hellboy’s right fist, ending in heavy-armored sneakers.
The police have asked for my help. There's been a murder.""A murder! Oh, my. Let me just change my shoes," Evie said excitedly. "It won't be a minute.
The shoes always tell the story,' said the shoe poet.'Not always,' I countered.'Yes, always. Your boots, they are expensive, well made. That tells me that you come from a wealthy family. But the style is one made for and older woman. That tell me they probably belong to your mother. A mother sacrificed her boots for her daughter. That tells me you are loved, my dear. And your mother is not here, so that tells me that you are sad, my dear. The shoes tell the story.
The most comfortable shoes from the point of view of our feet are the most fashionable shoes!
Nothing spoils an outfit more than time-worn shoes and shoes which are obviously out of style. Since shoes are made in such an enormous range of color, fabric, and type, don't buy them to last forever.
Because the human history is the history of shoes. The history of places where we ever tread and stand.
I would give a million bucks to have seen my mother say "cute shoes" to naked Ashley Judd.
When I die I don't want to be wearing shoes. I want to have just enough notice so that I can pull them off and get comfortable. Shoes mean death snuck up on you. Shoes mean you had other plans.
Sneakers were meant to be worn out.
Maybe the Truth of the Meaning of Life, Ancient and Arcane Knowledge of the Great Unknowable Universe is handed down only to persons presenting with the correct brand-name footwear. If you turn up wearing Shoe City knock-offs, you don't get to pass Go and collect Infinite Enlightenment.
I would be satisfied with my life if I could just get people to wash their feet every morning and buy decent shoes.
The hobo wore old black shoes that also looked like they were too big for him, but that might have been because he wasn’t wearing any socks.
Katsa kicked off her shoes, hitched up her skirt, and climbed into the fountain, sighing as the cold water ran between her toes and lapped at her ankles. it was a great improvement over her shoes. She would not put them on again tonight.
You cannot compare yourself to someone who’s never worn your shoes, let alone walk in them. Be content that you’re able to wear your shoes, and still walk in them.
Are we leaving the kind of footprints in the kind of places that will cause people to remember the kind of person that we want to be remembered as? If not, maybe we should take a hard look at the shoes that we’re wearing and evaluate where we’re wearing them.
When you want to step out in style, you'll be wanting to step out in these.
I am divided by different opinions and not sure where to stand, probably in my shoes, if possible close to the radiator.
In dietary terms, being shod is rather similar to cooking one's feet, as opposed to barefoot being raw.
Then I began, as though I had never seen my shoes before, to study their expression, their mimelike movements when I moved my toes, their shape, and the worn-out leather they had; and I discovered that their wrinkles and their white seams gave them an expression, provided them with a face. Something of my own being had gone over into these shoes, they struck me as being a ghost of my "I," a breathing part of myself. . . .
And perhaps even for learning to walk in worn-out shoes, it is as well to have dry, warm feet when we are children.
Shoes don't make the man.They make a statement!
Even feet can look sexy in a pair of new shoes.
These poor souls. These poor pathetic souls.” The Emperor gestured toward the passersby.“I don’t understand,” Tommy said.“Their time has passed and they don’t know what to do. They were told what they wanted and they believed it. They can only keep their dream alive by being with others like themselves who will mirror their illusions.”“They have really nice shoes,” Tommy said.“They have to look right or their peers will turn on them like starving dogs. They are the fallen gods. The new gods are producers, creators, doers. The new gods are the chinless techno-children who would rather eat white sugar and watch science-fiction films than worry about what shoes they wear. And these poor souls desperately push papers around hoping that a mystical message will appear to save them from the new, awkward, brilliant gods and their silicon-chip reality. Some of them will survive, of course, but most will fall. Uncreative thinking is done better by machines. Poor souls, you can almost hear them sweating.
Our shoes pin us to the world, like Peter Pan to his shadow. More than simply facilitating our movement out-of-doors, they mediate between the wearer and the ground. Perhaps it is less the world they pin us to, but our place in it; that shadow of society that follows wherever we go.
Nothing new under the sun! Not even a pair of shoes.
So what’s the rule of thumb? Some say you should always match your socks to your shoes. Others say you should always match your socks to your pants. The correct answer is pants. And so in the case of jeans and brown shoes, I would go with navy socks.One note on sock-and-pant etiquette: if you’re wearing socks with dress pants, you should reveal no leg skin. It’s like a bare midriff: you don’t want to see it. It’s different if you’re wearing shoes without socks, which is fine in casual settings.
God gave you them shoes to fit you, so put them on and wear them. Be yourself man, be proud of who you are. Even if it sounds corny, don’t let no one tell you, you ain’t beautiful.
You should still wear good shoes even if your feet were made of gold.
Shoes can't walk on their own! They therefore are grateful for the feet! Be grateful for everything that brings you life!
For some, I realize, business is the all-out pursuit of profits, period, full stop, but for us business was no more about making money than being human is about making blood.
Sometimes broken shoes and tattered clothes can tell us beautiful stories!
Pandora opened the box with the new high-heels, put them on and went out to town.
None of this is real, my dear. Not this house, not this conversation, not those shoes you're wearing--which are several years out of style if you're trying to reacclimatize yourself to the ways of your peers, and are not proper mourning shoes if you're trying to hold fast to your recent past--and not either one of us. 'Real' is a four-letter-word, and I'll thank you to use it as little as possible while you live under my roof.
The only difference between everybody and nobody is all the shoes
The hyena found it difficult to walk in my high-heeled shoes.
All shoes have value but shoes do not have same value.
He who claims to have travelled in the hard roads, let him show his shoes for the proof!
You just can't fly when you're wearing socks, and shoes, and coats, and pants, and underwear. Everything has to go.
I remember forcefully explaining to a friend of mine how I hate cars with shifter gears. How I don't understand why anyone would choose the extra work when they don't need to. It's like buying shoes with laces. If I can get nice shoes without laces, why would I make life even harder for myself? Just another thing to deal with.
Shoes need feet to walk! Everything needs something to function!
Most shoes are shaped as if feet were made for shoes.
The best judge is the one who knows what is best, and has stand in the same shoes while trying to succeed in the same goal.
Expensive shoes and cheap minds is a recipe for disaster"RjS
A real journey will demand that I put my shoes on, but then I’ve got to stand up and walk. And if I forget the second part, the first part doesn’t matter.
All God’s children have shoes.
They are a bit small for me, Mma,” she confessed. “I think you were right. But I felt great happiness when I wore them, and I shall always remember that. They are such beautiful shoes." Mma Ramotswe laughed. “Well, that's the important thing, isn't it, Mma? To feel happiness, and then to remember it." “I think that you're right,“ said Mma Makutsi. Happiness was an elusive thing. It had something to do with having beautiful shoes, sometimes; but it was about so much else. About a country. About a people. About having friends like this.
When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.
Would you like to try them on?” he asked, blue eyes sparkling. “They look just your size.
Walking through life, we spend most of our energy choosing the right shoes.
The holes in my shoes and the holes in my jeans make me whole!
Which shoes are you going to put on, and where are you going to get them to take you TODAY?
We have the same dirt under our shoes as they do.
My maid never sweeps under the bed so I asked her to do so today. Found a pen, three pairs of shoes and the man I had lost two years ago.
It's not about how many hats you wear, it's all about the shoes.
Go to the shoeshiner even when your shoes are already clean and shining! We must support people when they need us, not when we need them to get our job done!
Haven't I taught her anything?" Infinite Darlene is clearly exasperated. "I mean, I  know she has bad taste. But this is like licking the bottom of your stiletto.
My shoes never go out without their socks.
Taking care of you” doesn’t mean to award yourself with a new pair of shoes or spending beyond measure on a trip to Tahiti. It actually means to take care of your financial future.
Jennifer was good at her job and loved it. However, I hated the fact she was forced on me. She was young, beautiful, and thin. Everything I never felt that I was, and she always insisted on wearing heels and cute little suits in the office. Really? Who had such bionic feet that they could wear those day in and day out. My attitude toward her bordered on civil with a touch of sarcasm. I was sure she had stories to tell the women in the church on how hard I was to work with. I told myself I didn’t care. I’d wear flip-flops and flats at my desk and sequester all shoes over a two-inch heel to be worn only on Sundays.
Brands are like shoes, they come in sizes and styles; one size &amp; style doesn't fit everyone.
I’m turned on by women who are comfortable in their own skin; and I’m turned off by those who are uncomfortable in their own shoes.
The only difference between everybody and nobody is all the shoes.
They took they hit the cobblestone streets to look at churches, with Isabella wearing suede Manolos. "She's breaking her legs and I tell her it's just ridiculous and that she had to get some proper shoes." She bought and put on a pair of espadrilles and promptly broke into tears. "I can't. I can't. Everytime I look down on my feet I feel so depressed." Roberts said, "Well, are you going to be depressed or are you going to have a broken ankle?" "I am going to have a broken ankle" she said and she threw the shoes away.
There are women who only look at another woman's shoes and never at her face.And others who always look women in the face and only occasionally at their shoes.
Fluttershyes are like regular shyes, only shinier, and, apparently - also shyer. Whenever petted - they don't flutter, but run away instead.
It's time to shop high heels if your fiance kisses you on the forehead.
Who the hell wants 14 pairs of shoes when you go on holiday? I haven’t had 14 pairs in my life.
What I’ve learnt is: buy the damn shoes. Kiss the boy. You can lose a life in indecision, and regret is a waste of an emotion.
While the truth is putting on its shoes, the lie becomes a champion of a long-distance running.
Today was a rainy, dreary, wear-your-steel-toed-mud-shoes Wednesday.
أحد الصالحين كان يجلس في حفرة ويقول {قالَ رَبِّ ارْجِعُونِ **لَعَلِّي أَعْمَلُ صَالِحاً } ، ثم ينهض قائلًا لنفسه : ها قد عدت ، فأرنا ماذا تفعل ؟
We took the liberty to make some enquiries concerning the ground of their pretensions to make war upon nations who had done them no injury, and observed that we considered all mankind as our friends who had done us no wrong, nor had given us any provocation.The Ambassador [of Tripoli] answered us that it was founded on the Laws of their Prophet, that it was written in their Koran, that all nations who should not have acknowledged their authority were sinners, that it was their right and duty to make war upon them wherever they could be found, and to make slaves of all they could take as Prisoners, and that every Musselman who should be slain in battle was sure to go to Paradise.{Letter from the commissioners, John Adams &amp; Thomas Jefferson, to John Jay, 28 March 1786}
علينا أن نعلم أنه لا شيء يتم في كون الله مصادفة ، بل كل شيء بقدر
The magic of the street is the mingling of the errand and the epiphany.
I am not a finished poem, and I am not the song you’ve turned me into. I am a detached human being, making my way in a world that is constantly trying to push me aside, and you who send me letters and emails and beautiful gifts wouldn’t even recognise me if you saw me walking down the street where I live tomorrowfor I am not a poem. I am tired and worn out and the eyes you would see would not be painted or inspiredbut empty and weary from drinking too much at all timesand I am not the life of your party who sings and has glorious words to speakfor I don’t speak muchat alland my voice is raspy and unsteady from unhealthy living and not much sleep and I only use it when I sing and I always sing too muchor not at alland never when people are around because they expect poems and symphonies and I am nota poembut an elegyat my bestbut unedited and uncut and not a lot of people want to work with me because there’s only so much you can do with an audio take, with the plug-ins and EQs and I was born distorted, disordered, and I’m pretty fine with that,but others are not.
...he said, with sort of a little derisive smile, "How can you walk down the street with all this stuff going on inside you?" I said, "I don't know how you can walk down the street with nothing going on inside you.
Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
That weekend the city blushed with a great heat wave but on Monday it rained, cooling the ache in the street’s burn.
If a street has a spirit, no matter how narrow it is, we can breathe comfortably over there.
Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.
You've got the key of the street.
All you need is love...and a great story.
Street culture is a culture of containment. Most young people do not realize that it all too often leads to a “dead end”. “Street culture,” as I am using the term, is a counterforce to movement culture. Street culture in contemporary urban reality is synonymous with survival at all costs. This world view is mostly negative, because it demands constant adjustment to circumstances that are often far beyond young people’s control or understanding, such as economics, education, housing, employment, nutrition, law, and so forth.
I find pieces of herIn songs, book quotes,Even in the dismal cornersOf macabre streetsHosting nobody exceptFailed men and women
I call her Google because she got everything I have been searching for.
If your heart has a one way street, you had better get in touch with the planning division.
I call her Google, Because she got everything I'm searching for
In the shadows he could just make out a rough, ghostly wall that stood out in the pitch darkness. As if drawn by an irresistible black beacon, he slowly advanced step by step towards that incandescent wall of shale. Far off, the city was vanishing into the air. The fiesta disappeared somewhere beyond his eyelids. The wall was increasing in size, growing amidst a mixture of shadows and sparks. It was a wall of smoke from which sprouted candles that resembled asteroids. In fact, it was not one wall but two. Two tall, crackling walls, silently burning. But it wasn't two walls either. It was, in fact, a street.
Earlier 18th-century literary language was not supple enough to connect the life of the imagination to that of the street.
Моята консерватория е улицата. А разумът ми - инстинктът.
She was perfectly sane in streets unknown. She loved conversing with people tagged as strangers. She was social, amiable &amp; all that is her. Yet, with known people she felt unknown, she choked words and fought inside. And indeed she tripped insane while traversing those streets known. She stared at others and consumed their happiness through senses cold. And so she waits for Winter's warmth to touch her in streets of distant shore, in her own world of simple happiness.
Never Underrate A Street Boy With Wifi
নিরাপদ সড়ক নাই!নিরাপদ সড়ক চাই!
Authentic love is deciding to live on a one-way street where all the arrows point down the street and not a single one of them point back up to where I’m standing.
Religions are dogmatic streets. Soar higher to see the whole city.
This twinned twinkle was delightful but not completely satisfying; or rather it only sharpened my appetite for other tidbits of light and shade, and I walked on in a state of raw awareness that seemed to transform the whole of my being into one big eyeball rolling in the world's socket.Through peacocked lashes I saw the dazzling diamond reflection of the low sun on the round back of a parked automobile. To all kinds of things a vivid pictorial sense had been restored by the sponge of the thaw. Water in overlapping festoons flowed down one sloping street and turned gracefully into another. With ever so slight a note of meretricious appeal, narrow passages between buildings revealed treasures of brick and purple. I remarked for the first time the humble fluting - last echoes of grooves on the shafts of columns - ornamenting a garbage can, and I also saw the rippling upon its lid - circles diverging from a fantastically ancient center. Erect, dark-headed shapes of dead snow (left by the blades of a bulldozer last Friday) were lined up like rudimentary penguins along the curbs, above the brilliant vibration of live gutters. I walked up, and I walked down, and I walked straight into a delicately dying sky, and finally the sequence of observed and observant things brought me, at my usual eating time, to a street so distant from my usual eating place that I decided to try a restaurant which stood on the fringe of the town. Night had fallen without sound or ceremony when I came out again. ("The Vane Sisters")
Adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an aeroplane.
A street full of trees must always be preferred to a street made of gold!
Charity begins on the street when you are homeless.
If a streetlight can make you sick, one can only wonder what exposure to a very high powered industrial LASER can do to you.
FORKED BRANCHESWe grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
I am going to see you in every wall, every street, every glass, in every person, in every wave of the sea and smile.
لا يضيع من يمشي في شارع مستقيم
People promoting, offering new energy drinks on the streets steal my energy with their speech.
He is on his way to her. In a moment he will leave the wooden sidewalks and vacant lots for the paved streets. The small suburban houses flash by like the pages of a book, not as when you turn them over one by one with your forefinger but as when you hold your thumb on the edge of the book and let them all swish past at once. The speed is breathtaking. And over there is her house at the far end of the street, under the white gap in the rain clouds where the sky is clearing, toward the evening. How he loves the little houses in the street that lead to her! He could pick them up and kiss them! Those one-eyed attics with their roofs pulled down like caps. And the lamps and icon lights reflected in the puddles and shining like berries! And her house under the white rift of the sky! There he will again receive the dazzling, God-made gift of beauty from the hands of its Creator. A dark muffled figure will open the door, and the promise of her nearness, unowned by anyone in the world and guarded and cold as a white northern night, will reach him like the first wave of the sea as you run down over the sandy beach in the dark.
Pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Cut anyone and everyone out of your life that makes you feel small, hurt, humiliated, stupid, worthless, etc. do it swiftly and violently and without remorse.
Street children are lovely blossoms just dropped from the tree after a heavy storm. Now they need to be put together with a needle and threads of security and shelter to live into a beautiful circle of life’s garland
If you can’t build with them, don’t chill with them
Streets that follow like a tedious argumentOf insidious intentTo lead you to an overwhelming question...
There is nothing in a crowded street more noticeable than a man running ― unless it is a woman.
If you know the art of finding some things in a quite empty street, then you know the art of happiness!
An invitation of a beautiful street is an invitation to walk within a dream!
Love will work no matter what job i have, what nationality I claim, or what street i live on. It will work even if i kiss a woman. and it does.
Street change, I didn't
We grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Surround yourself with people that want more out of life. That won’t settle for average. People that you can connect with on a deeper level. Keep your circle fresh. Keep your circle full of quality rather than quantity. Full of cool ass humans that you can be yourself around. People that fill you up with nothing but love. People that want to see you succeed. People that GET IT. Good circle, good life!
I ran outta tears of sadness when I was 20 &amp; all I got left is tears of joy.
A silent street always welcome a good music!
It looks scary. And reminds me of the street that is usually the first we see in Vice City. You know after the first meeting when the guy plans to do his first job? The street on which the building of his first client is? Well, that particular street.
Why am I anti-social?? Hey GreenWind can you answer me, little black biatch that I don't go out makes me anti social? How about the people which can't cross the street, everyday talking about football and playing box. You are one of them, so you are without minded guy, you are dumb, stupid and black biatch. Let's see how now you will win??? Why you are so quite??? Oh,oh I know you don't have what to say!
Every beautiful street is a port of happiness!
True love for our nation will compel us to shout on the streets and get on our knees and ask people to repent
Love never lives on a one-way street, for it will always come back up the road bigger than how we had sent it down the road.
Tony and Peg have two kids, Terry-Lynn and Harvey, both of whom are enrolled in so many extracurricular and afterschool clubs that they hardly ever see their parents. If Terry-Lynn is in Girl Guides, she doesn’t have to see Peg inviting the Purolator man in for “a cup of coffee”. If Harvey is in the anime drawing club, he doesn’t have to see Peg kissing Mr. Cooper from across the street, even if all the other neighbours secretly know what’s going on. Tony has no idea, all he knows is that Peg isn’t the same Peg he married back in 2003. All he knows is that she’s changed a great deal, and not for the better, like a beautiful butterfly regressing back into a devouring, ugly caterpillar in the span of only a couple of months.
I'm trap in marriage with gangsta rhyme and my street life.
Probably the people on the street know better than the people at home.
While you are walking in a street, if you are not thinking about that street, we cannot say that you are walking in that street because you are always in the place where your mind is! Wherever you are, you can be in that place only by being at the present moment!
Mankind's obsession with money and greed has them going down a one way street to their demise.
I'd rather teach you how to make BREAD than give you a SLICE from my BREAD.
It is not for nothing that an ominous feeling often attaches itself to a procession. In films and stories we see spectacles forming in the street and parades coming from around the corner, and we know to greet then with distrust and apprehension: their intent is still to be revealed.
Alecto, have you noticed how downhill this little island is becoming?” Mandy questioned sadly. “All these organic food stores and yoga studios and cellular phone towers… Cape Breton was one of the only places left where it still had that nostalgic small town atmosphere but now… I’ve only been away for a year, how could things have changed so quickly? I mean, how can the world accept it?”“C'est la vie,” said Alecto, looking extremely tired as he stared out the window at the late November maple keys fluttering down from vibrantly red trees lining the streets on either side of the windshield.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty… I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
Excellent!" I cried. "Elementary," said he.
Living is too hard right now. Dying is easy. Let me die.
Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.
Observing and commenting, it is a piece of cake.Experiencing and sharing, that is a piece of work.
Everybody was sorry. Sorry was easy. Sorry was for suckers.
Not stupid. Overly trusting, maybe, but that reflects on his lack of trustworthiness, not on your intelligence.
When something comes easy, you usually let it go the same way.
Follow your dreams. I am not saying it’s going to be easy, but I am saying it’s going to be worth it. – Moffat Machingura
Just this once, let it be easy.
We are not to expect to be translated from despotism to liberty in a featherbed.
I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because he will find an easy way to do it.
Endeavour to play easy pieces well and with elegance; that is better than to play difficult pieces badly.
Simplicity is, as simple as you make it.
So few are the easy victories as the ultimate failures.
Nothing is easy. But who wants nothing?
Love is a slippery slope and it's so easy to fall.
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.
Feeling so rush to be proficient isa common temptation for newbies.
Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.
He was willing to pay her to hang around his house and paint Piper's fingernails? It sounded as easy as Britney Spears.
Your potential is a hidden treasure. You may not be even aware of it till you discover it. However, it is not easy to find your potential when you are following others or trying to achieve success in an area which is the most sought after.
If it's easy, it's not love. Yes, that easy to know.
... it is the greatest of all mistakes to begin life with the expectation that it is going to be easy, or with the wish to have it so.
It's easy to write the history. All the eyewitnesses are dead.
But easy's like, who cares? Easy's like, how much is easy going to get you?
Between the easiest and the hard side, I choose the hard one; if I could go back in time and choose again, I would choose the exact same path. 'Personal development' fascinates me. No human being who chooses to run a marathon without sweating his shirt off will have memories left to tell.
You are already choosing, in every moment of every day, what to give a fuck about, so change is as simple as choosing to give a fuck about something else, It really is that simple. It's just not easy.
Just because he became yours easily, it does not mean he's easy for all.
In that moment, the nameless boy understood: This was the end. He was going to die.He would cease to breathe. Cease to be. Cease to hurt. It would be easy.But he didn't want to die.
You must have certain principles in life to ensure that you follow the right path and do not deviate from it at the time of difficulties. Principles are not meant so much for the easy times, as for the difficult times, when you are tempted to follow the easy path to avoid the pressing problem.
Because like the depths of the ocean that calls you home, you will never be easy.But darling, you were not brought here for easy. You are here for so much more.Because you are a boundary pusher.You’re a truth seeker.You’re temptation and seduction and heat.You’re a mirror and a sorcerer and inside you swirls the power of the ancients.So no, you are not easy.But in the space of that truth – please also know this. Do not get this confused with the notion that you do not deserve the deepest ease. Don’t for a minute let them convince you that you will not know the grace of a lover who does not require that you constantly translate yourself or diminish yourself or quiet your storm or tone down your extravagant love.Because that, my girl, is bullshit.
As for expressing nobody-but-yourself in words, that means working just a little harder than anybody who isn’t a poet can possibly imagine. Why? Because nothing is quite as easy as using words like somebody else. We all of us do exactly this nearly all of the time — and whenever we do it, we’re not poets.
Hardships are never made easy.
If the road is easy, it’s probably easy because it’s not a road and you’re not on it.
The easy path will seldom lead where you need to go.
The myth around the ‘easy road’ is that it’s a road.
It's either easy or forget it.
The world is surprisingly hard to destroy.
My formula for everyday cooking: keep it simple yet satisfying, the quicker and easier the better, use real food ingredients, and include at least one vegetable.
An exit is just an easy way out.
I would suggest that the desire to love is always greater than the passion to hate. It’s simply that love demands vulnerability and hate does not. Therefore, too often we tend to love the easier choice to hate.
Every day you open your eyes is an act of bravery. Every time you swing your feet around to get up is an act of courage. Every internal battle you FIGHT, win or lose is an act of will. Giving up is easy. But to live, I mean truly LIVE your life abundantly...That's Warrior shit!
It's easy to talk, but to don't give a fuck and to don't get offended is damn hard...
The hardest part in life is to BE EASY ; deal it with positivity everything will BE EASY (Ejump, 2017)
To say the diamond of others like the stone, and own stone like the diamond is the easiest way, but to prove that, it is hard. The verification by experts is authentic. He, who disagrees with the experts, only consider him as it is just a drum.
Being famous is easy, being dumb is hard.
Falling in love is easy but building a forever takes patience.
Women are the most wonderful beings created by God, they are easy to understand when you show them love but hard to understand when you don't.
It felt familiar. But just because it was familiar, it didn’t make it easy.
It is easy to feel at peace, when you forgive.
If our goal is to discover the easy way, there’s a really good chance that we will stumble upon the wrong way, which is anything but an easy way.
_________The answer's easy_________Three.onefourtwoeightfivesevenone
বৃদ্ধাঙ্গুল হয়তো দেখতে সাধারণ আঙুলের মত, আসলে এটি স্রষ্টার দেয়া এক বিস্ময়কর উপহার! যদি সব আঙুল দীর্ঘ ও সোজা হতো, তবে কোনও কাজ সহজে করা বা কিছু ধরা আমাদের জন্য অসম্ভব হতো! যদি বৃদ্ধাঙ্গুল না থাকতো, তাহলে মানব সভ্যতা অনেক পিছিয়ে পড়তো!
Being good is making it look easy, but getting good is never easy.
যখন তুমি সুখী থাকো, তখন তুমি নিজেকে প্রশ্ন করো না- কেন আমি সুখী বা কেন আমার জীবনে সুখ আসে? একইভাবে, যখন তুমি দুঃখী থাকো, তোমার নিজেকে প্রশ্ন করা উচিৎ নয়- কেন আমি দুঃখী বা কেন দুঃখ ছায়ার মত আমার জীবনে আসে? সুখ আর দুঃখ উভয়কেই জীবনের অবিচ্ছেদ্য অংশ হিসেবে গ্রহণ করো এবং তোমার জীবন স্বাচ্ছন্দ্যময় হবে!
I rather quickly discovered that to find the ‘easy way’ all I have to do is take the ‘right way’ and prune it down to the point that it doesn’t demand anything of me. But despite its rather dubious appearance of ease, what it ends up demanding of me is my integrity. And there’s nothing ‘easy’ about giving that up.
Fighting external monsters is easy in comparison to how we fight those within us.
You really don't know what is going on in anyone else's life, so go easy, extend a little grace. It will go a long way and it will keep peace in your own.~Cam Richmond~
I will show you all the ways in which you are easy to love.
If truth be told, the easy road is nothing more than an armchair in clever disguise. And if you look around, it seems that there are a whole lot of people in the furniture business.
Some people can come everywhere and a great pleasure starts, while with other persons in a place the fun just starts when they leave.
Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.
Nothing gets easy. It is just that you understand how it is and how it works. Nothing its difficult its just that you dont understand it and dont know how it works. Understanding something it means taking time to learn it and practising it.
Black and white is mix of toughest simplicity and easiest complexity.
It is so simple and easy to hate and so grueling and hard to love, when the emotional “love forever”- revelation has become a crumbling “love never, ever again”- crack-up. There is no route back to a paradise lost, when the bonds of trust have, irrevocably, been blasted. ("Another empty room")
A phrase 'I love you' is easy to say through our mouths but hard to say in our hearts. Love is not something to play with, it can break hearts.
I yearn not for the easy path, but for the right path.  For 'easy' and 'right' are rarely compatible.
A seemingly simple task like taking a bath or wearing a condom feels like multitasking to someone who suffers from hemiplegia or has only one hand.
It's easy for common people to say what they think about the government. No one listens to them.
You have to hate them, you mean? You can’t decide: I will or I won’t hate them?”Amar did not completely understand. “But I hate them now,” he explained. “The day Allah wants me to stop hating them, He’ll change my heart.”The man was smiling, as if to himself. “If the world’s really like that, it’s very easy to be in it,” he said.“It will never be easy to be in the world,” Amar said firmly. “Er tabi mabrhach. God doesn’t want it easy.
Starting something can be easy, it is finishing it that is the highest hurdle.
There will always be rough days and easy ones. Like a ship, we must sail through both.
Whatever you want is behind the mountain of struggles. Nothing great comes with ease.
It only seems difficult; it’s not!
It is easy to love God when you do not even have a cent in your pocket and you are totally dependent on Him
The difference between reading a good book and Facebook, is that a good book is always hard to put down, whereas on Facebook it's become too easy to put anyone down.
Sawing a lady in half is easy. Sawing a lady in half and then joining her up together again is less easy, but can be done with practice.
Most of my failures can be ascribed to the fact that I chose that which was ‘easy’ over that which was ‘right’. And while it’s ‘right’ to admit this to myself, it isn’t ‘easy.’ So, which choice am I going to make this time?
It is easy to respond with anger; it is more empowering and spiritually elevating to respond with compassion.
If you drive fast enough on a rough road you glide over the bumps and skim the pot holes - it's a smooth ride. If you charge without fear over boulders and beach debris it's the same as running on hard flat sand. The only problem is slowing down, or stopping.
Loving her is so damn easy. It’s as natural as breathing or the beating of a heart.
Simplicity within itself is just another complication.
The more we know, the deeper we will understand our topic, so it will be easier to implement it
It sounds like it's very easy, but it's ain't easy.
When the going gets tough, people bail. When the going gets easy, people get lazy. Honest, smart, hard work is the way to get results.
Being human complicates things.
It is quite easy to fall under the spell of assumptions.
All my supplies are gone and I'm going to die out here. I thought it would be more frightening, dying, but after so many days walking, after so much hunger and thirst, it's a release.
These days being stupid is easy… ain't theorem and it is not even any part of conspiracy.
Fear is a snare that prevents us from moving forward, fear makes us an easy bait for the devil
The easy path is seldom the right path.
Don't ask whether it's going to be easy. Ask whether it's going to be worth it.
Have patience. You will eventually lose sight of what you truly deserve if you get too fixed on grabbing any stuff quickly. Things that last don't grow easy.
The path is long, but self-surrender makes it short; the way is difficult, but perfect trust makes it easy.
13. If you’re going through difficult times today, hold steady. It will change soon. If you are experiencing smooth sailing and easy times now, brace yourself. It will change soon. The only thing you can be certain of is change.
Some women would not cheat, and some would not have cheated, had they each married a man whom they love … or at least like.
It’s easy to count other people’s mistakes. Make your own if you can.
Making peace is often a simple thing, but simple isn’t the same thing as easy.
For two years, all you have to do is go where they tell you, stay behind your rifle, and kill and not be killed. It’s simple, but simple isn’t the same as easy.
To make life easy, accept its difficulty.
Love makes things possible, not easy.
Kuna mafanikio ya aina mbili hapa duniani: Mafanikio ya Shetani na mafanikio ya Mungu. Mafanikio ya Shetani ni rahisi kupata na ni ya kitumwa. Mafanikio ya Mungu ni magumu kupata lakini ni ya hakika. Mungu akikubariki, pesa inaongezeka kama inavyoongezeka saa.
It is as difficult for most poor people to truly believe that they could someday escape poverty as it is for most wealthy people to truly believe that their wealth could someday escape them.
Why do they lie?” she asked herself aloud. “They say time makes losing someone you loved easier to deal with, but it only makes it worse.
Love it's not supposed to be complicated. It must be easy. It should not need begging and imploring. Love must be simple, because it's just the beginning of a long journey.
But love doesn't do what's easy. Love does what's necessary and right.
Simplicity saves strength.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Chess is an easy game!
I remember our childhood dayswhen life was easyand math problems hard.Mom would help us with our homeworkand dad was not at home but at work.After our chores, we’d go to the old fort museum with clips in our hair and pure joy in our hearts.You, sister, wore the bangles thatyou, brother, got as a prize from the Dentist.“Why the bangles?” the Dentist asked, surprised, for boys picked the stickers of cars instead.“They’re for my sisters,” you said.Mom would treat us to a bottle of Coke,a few sips each. Then,we’d buy the sweet smelling bread from the same white vanand hand-in-hand,we’d walk to our small flat above the restaurant.I remember our childhood days.Do you remember them too?
The killer .... is making it too easy... - Naaah, not possible... to be so easy!
I wish I could invent a square, said everyone.
Falling in love is easy; but getting up and moving on is difficult
I don’t want easy anymore. It’s worthless and the shine doesn’t last.
Split up means being in state of being an a victim which can be killed easy.
It's not so easy... it's not possible.
Sometimes it's easier to tell ourselves a story.
Always be careful of where you run to. When the going gets tough, take it easy and slow down, else you venture into the den of lions.
I stared out of the window, at my Bronco rusting in the parking lot, the metal eager to get back to just being dirt. Life was probably easier for it back then.
What you see to be difficult now, is likely to be the easiest thing ever later when you deliberately get your willpower trained over it by repeated attempts! Don't give up!
Easy makes a good sell for meant-to-be.
It's three words "Alter your life" which mean change your life. It's not so easy, but it's not so hard everyone can do it.
 “I know it’s not fair to ask either of you to be okay with that.” Jeb tips up my chin with a fingertip.  “You didn’t ask. And I don’t want fair. I don’t want easy, either. I want one lifetime with you, and every crazy complication that comes with it." 
Any halfway clever devil would decorate the highway to Hell as beautiful as possible.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
Whatever is difficult for you become easy if you take a bite of it every day. Try again and again!
It is always easy to flow with the river and to run with the wind! But glory and honour are often not found in easy things!
Just by listening without looking I can tell you is it a white man singing or black.... as far as now is easy!
When you know what you want you will be excited about it and give every ounce of effort to making it come true. No excuse or fear will get in your way because peace is found in focus.
It is easy to say, but there is no way I could personally address every single problem in my nation, they are too many. Oh yea, you cannot fix all problems, but you can fix some problems, more importantly you could bring enlightenment to all others around you
One of the easiest ways to show your mercy to the world is to hide your fears from people who are already afraid. Don't kill them alive when you truly claim you love them!
I have little patience with scientists who take a board of wood, look for its thinnest part, and drill a great number of holes where drilling is easy.
Easy is tasteless and bland
Nothing good seems easy. That is how life shapes our perception.
You may have sought and tried to obtain instant godliness. There is no such thing....We want somebody to give us three easy steps to godliness, and we'll take them next Friday and be godly. The trouble is, godliness doesn't come that way.~Jay Adams~
Sometimes we find ourselves thinking that since the call comes from the Lord, everything ought to work out smoothly, with every potential obstacle removed. We forget sometimes that life is a "schooling" provided for our growth and development, and that if every time we went on the Lord's errand, things were to go perfectly well because of the Lord's blessing, we would be deprived of much of our education. {re 1 Nephi 3:7}
Don’t always wish it is easier to be done; wish you have enough power to make it happen. No matter how difficult it is, you can do it when the solution is in your palms!
Things that are too easily achieved don't inspire anyone.
Nothing worth doing is ever easy.
Nothing is too difficult unless you decide to keep shifting it to tomorrow till you can’t do it any longer.
It is easy for anybody to call himself or herself a “Christian” but the truth is we respond from very different world-views
He is a sweet boy, quick to laugh, easy to love.
With an easy life you can never grow mature; with a tough life you can never remain immature!
It's easy to make money when you have a lot of it.
Every birth comes out of labour pains. The most difficult task is not about being pregnant with visions; it’s about delivering an impact that inspires lives.
Translating from #cat is easy - you just ignore everything, then you decide what you want it to have said, thought, or wanted.
It would have been effortless for us — comfortable, easy as breathing. I was the natural path your life would have taken… If the world was the way it was supposed to be, if there were no monsters and no magic.
Life becomes easy for people who respond to the demands of life.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
If Music is a Place -- then Jazz is the City, Folk is the Wilderness, Rock is the Road, Classical is a Temple.
We are his temple. We do not turn in a certain directlon to pray. We are not bound by having to go into a building so that we can commune with God. There are no unique postures and times and limitations that restrict our access to God. My relationship with God is intimate and personal. The Christian does not go to the temple to worship. The Christian takes the temple with him or her. Jesus lifts us beyond the building and pays the human body the highest compliment by making it His dwelling place, the place where He meets with us. Even today He would overturn the tables of those who make it a marketplace for their own lust, greed, and wealth.
Our thinking will automatically improve when we remember the words of Paul: 'know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and the spirit of God dwelleth in you?
Those in whom the Spirit comes to live are God's new Temple. They are, individually and corporately, places where heaven and earth meet.
You only get one body; it is the temple of your soul. Even God is willing to dwell there. If you truly treat your body like a temple, it will serve you well for decades. If you abuse it you must be prepared for poor health and a lack of energy.
You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.
No Temple made by mortal human hands can ever compare to the Temple made by the gods themselves. That building of wood and stone that houses us and that many believe conceals the great Secret Temple from prying eyes, somewhere in its heart of hearts, is but a decoy for the masses who need this simple concrete limited thing in their lives. The real Temple is the whole world, and there is nothing as divinely blessed as a blooming growing garden.
Get up off of your knees. Come out of your churches, your mosques, your temples. God can hear your prayers for peace, justice, and hope in this broken world just fine while you're out creating peace, working for justice, and giving hope to this broken world. When are we finally going to realize that humanity is the solution to inhumanity? When will we finally understand that we are all drops of the same ocean, hurting together, healing together, hoping together? Don't just pray for hands to heal the hurting. Pray with hands that are healing the hurting. Don't just pray for arms to help the helpless. Pray with arms that are helping the helpless. Don't just pray for feet to respond to need. Pray on feet that are responding to need. Don't just pray for someone to do something. Be someone who does something. Don't just pray for answers. Be the answer.
Do you see this egg? With this you can topple every theological theory, every church or temple in the world.
A man of God would never burn or harm a temple of any kind - regardless of religion. A true man of God would see every temple or divine mansion built to glorify the Creator - as an extension of the temple closest to his home, regardless of its shape, size, or color. A man who truly recognizes and knows God can see God in all things.
The risen Lord is the new Temple, the real meeting place between God and man.
If we were living in a better age they'd build a temple around a woman like that.
Your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit.
Never save bath bombs for later. Never wait for a special occasion to light candles. Don’t wait to book a massage. Treat yourself to a spa day. Get yourself a colonic immediately. Now is the time. Your body is a temple. Serve it and it will serve you well.
No temple is a better temple than nature; no heaven is a better heaven than nature; no dream is a better dream than nature!
Let your body be your holy temple.
Sadhana is not just in the temple and going through your rituals,it must transform you as an individual.
God wanted everyone around Judea and Jerusalem to hear the gospel before He allowed the Old Covenant world to be destroyed.
Make your body a holy temple.
Let thy body be thy holy temple.
Your body is temple of the holy spirit.
Jesus said the great tribulation would take place before the generation He was speaking to passed away [Matt 24:34]. Also, He said it would never be repeated [Matt. 24:21].
What if we are all temples for the presents and presence of divine delight to shine through?
when we adopt the biblical perspective of the cosmic temple, it is no longer possible to look at the world (or space) in secular terms. It is not ours to exploit. We do not have natural resources, we have sacred resources. Obviously this view is far removed from a view that sees nature as divine: As sacred space the cosmos is his place. It is therefore not his person. The cosmos is his place, and our privileged place in it is his gift to us. The blessing he granted was that he gave us the permission and the ability to subdue and rule. We are stewards.At the same time we recognize that the most important feature of sacred space is found in what it is by definition: the place of God’s presence. The cosmic-temple idea recognizes that God is here and that all of this is his. It is this theology that becomes the basis for our respect of our world and the ecological sensitivity that we ought to nurture.
Yet the great “Why?” always at the center of the little “whats” and “hows” that makes religions into mythologies is often stronger in dead temples than in living.
Praying is a perfect peace.
We are of the earth very earthy, and we are not satisfied with contemplating the Invisible God. Somehow or other we want something which we can touch, something which we can see, something before which we can kneel down. It does not matter whether it is a book, or an empty stone building, or a stone building inhabited by numerous figures. A book will satisfy some, an empty building will satisfy some others, and many others will not be satisfied unless they see something inhabiting these empty buildings.
When you develop a regular habit of going to a temple, library or a gymnasium, you start liking these activities as your thoughts are transformed. You would also undergo similar changes, if you start visiting brothels regularly.
He that looks for urns and old sepulchral relicks, must not seek them in the ruins of temples, where no religion anciently placed them. These were found in a field, according to ancient custom, in noble or private burial; the old practice of the Canaanites, the family of Abraham, and the burying-place of Joshua, in the borders of his possessions; and also agreeable unto Roman practice to bury by highways, whereby their monuments were under eye:--memorials of themselves, and mementoes of mortality unto living passengers; whom the epitaphs of great ones were fain to beg to stay and look upon them,--a language though sometimes used, not so proper in church inscriptions.
Fat’ is usually the first insult a girl throws at another girl when she wants to hurt her.I mean, is ‘fat’ really the worst thing a human being can be? Is ‘fat’ worse than ‘vindictive’, ‘jealous’, ‘shallow’, ‘vain’, ‘boring’ or ‘cruel’? Not to me; but then, you might retort, what do I know about the pressure to be skinny? I’m not in the business of being judged on my looks, what with being a writer and earning my living by using my brain…I went to the British Book Awards that evening. After the award ceremony I bumped into a woman I hadn’t seen for nearly three years. The first thing she said to me? ‘You’ve lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw you!’‘Well,’ I said, slightly nonplussed, ‘the last time you saw me I’d just had a baby.’What I felt like saying was, ‘I’ve produced my third child and my sixth novel since I last saw you. Aren’t either of those things more important, more interesting, than my size?’ But no – my waist looked smaller! Forget the kid and the book: finally, something to celebrate!I’ve got two daughters who will have to make their way in this skinny-obsessed world, and it worries me, because I don’t want them to be empty-headed, self-obsessed, emaciated clones; I’d rather they were independent, interesting, idealistic, kind, opinionated, original, funny – a thousand things, before ‘thin’. And frankly, I’d rather they didn’t give a gust of stinking chihuahua flatulence whether the woman standing next to them has fleshier knees than they do. Let my girls be Hermiones, rather than Pansy Parkinsons.
We fatties have a bond, dude. It's like a secret society. We got all kinds of shit you don't know about. Handshakes, special fat people dances-we got these secret fugging lairs in the center of the earth and we go down there in the middle of the night when all the skinny kids are sleeping and eat cake and friend chicken and shit. Why d'you think Hollis is still sleeping, kafir? Because we were up all night in the secret lair injecting butter frosting into our veins. ...A fatty trusts another fatty.
Anger as soon as fed is dead- 'Tis starving makes it fat. 
She's beautiful,' he murmured.'She's a metre across the hips, easily,' said Julia.'That is her style of beauty,' said Winston.
Enormous? Did you just call me FAT? I am not fat. - Jace
Every weight loss program, no matter how positively it’s packaged, whispers to you that you’re not right. You’re not good enough. You’re unacceptable and you need to be fixed.
A narrow mind and a fat head invariably come on the same person.
I have a sense that God is unfair and preferentially punishes his weak, his dumb, his fat, his lazy. I believe he takes more pleasure in his perfect creatures, and cheers them on like a brainless dad as they run roughshod over the rest of us. He gives us a need for love, and no way to get any. He gives us a desire to be liked, and personal attributes that make us utterly unlikable. Having placed his flawed and needy children in a world of exacting specifications, he deducts the difference between what we have and what we need from our hearts and our self-esteem and our mental health.
Fat-bashing in all its varied forms–criticism, exclusion, shaming, fat talk, self-deprecation, jokes, gossip, bullying–is one of the last acceptable forms of prejudice. From a very young age, before they can walk away or defend themselves, women are taught that they are how they look, not what they do or what they know. (1)
She ran her hands over her body as if to bid it good-bye. The hipbones rising from a shrunken stomach were razor-sharp. Would they be lost in a sea of fat? She counted her ribs bone by bone. Where would they go?
Body acceptance means, as much as possible, approving of and loving your body, despite its “imperfections”, real or perceived. That means accepting that your body is fatter than some others, or thinner than some others, that your eyes are a little crooked, that you have a disability that makes walking difficult, that you have health concerns that you have to deal with — but that all of that doesn’t mean that you need to be ashamed of your body or try to change it. Body acceptance allows for the fact that there is a diversity of bodies in the world, and that there’s no wrong way to have one.
Anorexia isn't about being fat, it's about having fat.
I do not think you are in any danger of starving," Maximus said. "The surgeon said only two weeks ago that you are too fat.""The devil!" Berkley said indignantly, sitting up; and Maximus snorted in amusement at having provoked him.
Aside from the fact that they say it's unhealthy, my fat ain't never been no trouble. Mens always have loved me. My kids ain't never complained. Plus they's fat.
(Referring to the piano's natural shape) Isn't it a shame when those big fat opera singers lean against the pianos and bend them?
All worries are less with wine.
And there are loners in rural communities who, at the equinox, are said to don new garments and stroll down to the cities, where great beasts await them, fat and docile.
Leah once said that she’d rather have people call her fat directly than have to sit there and listen to them talking shit about some other girl’s weight. I actually think I agree with that. Nothing is worse than the secret humiliation of being insulted by proxy.
THE ORGANIC FOODS MYTHA few decades ago, a woman tried to sue a butter company that had printed the word 'LITE' on its product's packaging. She claimed to have gained so much weight from eating the butter, even though it was labeled as being 'LITE'. In court, the lawyer representing the butter company simply held up the container of butter and said to the judge, "My client did not lie. The container is indeed 'light in weight'. The woman lost the case.In a marketing class in college, we were assigned this case study to show us that 'puffery' is legal. This means that you can deceptively use words with double meanings to sell a product, even though they could mislead customers into thinking your words mean something different. I am using this example to touch upon the myth of organic foods. If I was a lawyer representing a company that had labeled its oranges as being organic, and a man was suing my client because he found out that the oranges were being sprayed with toxins, my defense opening statement would be very simple: "If it's not plastic or metallic, it's organic."Most products labeled as being organic are not really organic. This is the truth. You pay premium prices for products you think are grown without chemicals, but most products are. If an apple is labeled as being organic, it could mean two things. Either the apple tree itself is free from chemicals, or just the soil. One or the other, but rarely both. The truth is, the word 'organic' can mean many things, and taking a farmer to court would be difficult if you found out his fruits were indeed sprayed with pesticides. After all, all organisms on earth are scientifically labeled as being organic, unless they are made of plastic or metal. The word 'organic' comes from the word 'organism', meaning something that is, or once was, living and breathing air, water and sunlight.So, the next time you stroll through your local supermarket and see brown pears that are labeled as being organic, know that they could have been third-rate fare sourced from the last day of a weekend market, and have been re-labeled to be sold to a gullible crowd for a premium price. I have a friend who thinks that organic foods have to look beat up and deformed because the use of chemicals is what makes them look perfect and flawless. This is not true. Chemical-free foods can look perfect if grown in your backyard. If you go to jungles or forests untouched by man, you will see fruit and vegetables that look like they sprouted from trees from Heaven. So be cautious the next time you buy anything labeled as 'organic'. Unless you personally know the farmer or the company selling the products, don't trust what you read. You, me, and everything on land and sea are organic.Suzy Kassem,Truth Is Crying
Every fat person says it's not their fault, that they have gland trouble. You know which gland? The saliva gland. They can't push away from the table.
The next day he woke up feeling like he'd been unshackled from his fat, like he'd been washed clean from his misery, and for a long time he couldn't remember why he felt this way, and then he said her name.
I'm 190 pounds of rock hard muscle, underneath 40 pounds of sturdy protective fat.
Camels can go many weeks without drinking anything at all. The notion that they cache water in their humps is pure myth—their humps are made of fat, and water is stored in their body tissues. While other mammals draw water from bloodstreams when faced with dehydration, leading to death by volume shock, camels tap the water in their tissues, keeping their blood volume stable. Though this reduces the camel’s bulk, they can lose up to a third of their body weight with no ill effects, which they can replace astonishingly quickly, as they are able to drink up to forty gallons in a single watering.” (pp.69-70)
It’s an uncommonly dangerous thing to be left without any padding against the shafts of disease.
Many obese people spend a significant amount of their energy on suppressing the urge to tell some of the people who are staring at them that they do not eat as much and as frequently as they seem to.
4/16/85: If I were thin, I’d never say “I am powerless over fudge.”a) I can’t believe I actually ever said that. b) Which, of course, isn't to say that I do have any power over fudge. Particularly if it has nuts.
Rubenesque: the word for masterpiece curves. Screw you, unsalted rice cakes.
The slightest nudge can send a fruit pyramid collapsing into ruin. Perhaps this is why there is so little ancient architecture and art left in the world. Perhaps ancient fat people bumped into buildings and statues and made them fall. Perhaps this is the real reason Rome fell
The reality was my life wasn't miserable because I was curvy; I was miserable because I thought I'd be happier if I were thinner.
I don't exactly get to be moody or snappy when I don't feel like putting on a happy face, because when most people meet me, I'm already starting out with a deficit. Fat girls don't get that luxury.
The word fat makes people uncomfortable. But when you see me, the first thing you notice is my body. And my body is fat. It’s like how I notice some girls have big boobs or shiny hair or knobby knees. Those things are okay to say. But the word fat, the one that best describes me, makes lips frown and cheeks lose their color. But that’s me. I’m fat. It’s not a cuss word. It’s not an insult. At least it’s not when I say it. So I always figure why not get it out of the way?
After this, I can't resist. "Between you, me, and the rest of us, Ted, it's starting to show. You'd better work out, or getting fat off Daddy might be harder to hide.
I hate to see fat girls on TV or in movies, because the only way the world seems to be okay with putting a fat person on camera is if they’re miserable with themselves or if they’re the jolly best friend.
My life wouldn't be easier if I were thin. My life would be easier if this culture wasn't obsessed with oppressing me because I'm fat. The solution to a problem like bigotry is not to do everything in our power to accommodate the bigotry. It is to get rid of the bigotry.
Adult obesity and overweight statistics have increased by about 50 percent since the Dietary Goals were announced. [by the federal government, in 1977] That bears repeating: a 50 percent increase in obesity/overweight correlated with a 10 percent decrease in fat content in the diet.
Blaming fatness for heart disease is a lot like blaming yellow teeth for lung cancer, rather than considering the possibility that smoking might play a role in both. And telling people they need to lose weight is a lot like telling someone with pneumonia to stop coughing so much—it may not be possible and won’t make the disease go away.
It's when you walk the straight &amp; narrow that you wish you were thin, and not fat.
Every time I blink, all I can see are my flaws. My body in a fun-house mirror. Hips too wide. Thighs too big. And a head too small for the rest of me.
Most people stop eating not when their stomachs are full but when their plates are empty.
Many factors other than your size, fat, and muscle tissue figure in resting metabolism. Some are genetic and immutable. You may have been born with the ability to burn a lot of energy quickly and effortlessly, while others have what’s called a “sluggish metabolism”and don’t use energy at a very fast rate. It’s interesting to consider the cultural value judgment in using the term “sluggish”; from a scientific perspective, the person with a slower metabolism is much more efficient, a trait that would have been highly prized in earlier times when food was harder to come by.
I have always liked fat men. They have given up all unnecessary effort, for they have had the sense to realize that women do not, as men do, fall in love with physical beauty. It's easier to feel at home with a fat man.
The pharmaceutical industry, which has a vested interest in making us believe that fat is dangerous—and that they have a solution—wrote the BMI standards that are currently used.The derivation of children’s BMI standards was even worse. They were just arbitrarily assigned, without even the pretense of considering health data.
True peace was rare when you were fat. When you were fat, you wore armor to protect and deflect. You were either sharp and bitter, inspiring fear in potential bullies, or you were extra cheerful to show nothing mattered at all, not the snubs or the insults or the degradation. When you were fat, you worked so hard to be invisible. You lived in fear of being noticed, singled out, of having someone point out what you already knew.
No matter how much I tell myself that the fat and the stretch marks don’t matter, they do.
Not making fun of fat people is good for their self-esteem but bad for their health.
I try not to think on my feet because they have enough problem with my weight.
Clark always says that you can be thin or you can be happy, and, Arthur, I have already tried thin.
Her fat neck jiggled as the words came out of her botoxed, pink mouth. Her heavy bosoms moved up and down from her agitated breathing, like two mountains that rose and fell from the turbulence of the earth beneath it.
Jack hit the floor and fired off push-ups until he thought he'd pass out. The spinning behind his eyes felt good. He'd gotten by with a half grapefruit (35 calories) at breakfast, because his mom was such an emotional wreck before driving him to the hospital. She didn't argue over the half cup of oatmeal (110 calories), which he dumped in the sink before polishing off the last of his red M&amp;Ms, his go-to food when life got sucky.
You know that you are getting fat when your thighs start rubbing together when walking.
It is well established that gaining weight around the belly is a sign of underlying sickness in many cases.
Leon had attached himself to me in Chicago like a fat, brat-and-beer-filled tick; I was amazed that someone whose blood was clearly half pork grease had made it to age seventy-five.
Capitalism tends to do to art what value meals do to cuisine. Think of what the food industry in our nation has done to our food. When dollars and cents are the sole purpose for the manufacturing and distribution of food, the food suffers. We suffer. The mass production, hormones and pesticides that have allowed the food industry to make more money have made our food less nutritious than it ever has been. Animals are treated cruelly. People get fat and sick and die.
Hunger gives flavour to the food.
I sometimes use the word “fat,” as I consider it to be an accurate descriptor of some curvy gals, including me. I believe using “fat” in a nonpejorative way helps destigmatize and inure us to the word as the insult it’s become, and gets us used to seeing it as it was meant to be used: As a neutral descriptor. I use the words curvy, plus-size, zaftig, plump, larger, and bigger in the same spirit. Some of these words may make you bristle at first, but they are not meant negatively but solely as adjectives.
You're FAT - and don't try to sugarcoat it, because you'll just eat that, too.
Some people when they see cheese, chocolate or cake they don't think of calories.
It is strange, and perhaps sad, that medical doctors came up with this terminology when they are charged with first doing no harm.
It's not over till the fat lady eats!
Famine sometimes increases the number of people who are overweight.
He who makes fun of a short and fat man’s weight is much less cruel than he who makes fun of his height.
I scroll through iPhone photos and see that if I delete pictures of myself with a double chin, I will erase all proof of my glorious life.
...I know this world. I live in it too. There's no shelter or safety or escape from the cruel stares and comments, the too-small seats, the too-small everything for your too-big body.
Everything it's has it's own benefits if you buy frozen pizza you go fat. If you buy well made pizza you will keep your weigh, even you won't get fat!
No matter how much I tell myself that the fat and the stretch marks don't matter, they do. Even if Bo, for whatever reason, doesn't care, I do.Then there are days when I really give zero flying fucks, and I am totally satisfied with this body of mine. How can I be both of those people at once?
Ich habe die komplexen Probleme einer Single-Existenz gegen die Probleme zweier Personen getauscht. Das ist doch scheiße. Ich wollte keine Problemerweiterung, ich wollte eine starke Schulter. Der Bau des Flughafens Berlin-Brandenburg war anfangs auch eine schöne Idee.
The word fat makes people uncomfortable. But when you see me, the first thing you notice is my body. And my body is fat. It's like how I notice some girls have big boobs or shiny hair or knobby knees. Those things are okay to say. But the word fat, the one that best describes me, makes lips frown and cheeks lose their color.But that's me. I'm fat. It's not a cuss word. It's not an insult. At least it's not when I say it. So I always figure why not get it out of the way?
People look at bigger people and assume we shouldn't feel the need to ever get hungry because we have enough fat stored up to last us until our dying day. As if we can nibble off our sides like we're made of peach.
I refuse to let a number dictate my self worth and, besides, I like cake.
I saw a number of Adult pictures long before I was an adult, but no one ever questioned my age. I was quite fat by this time and all fat women look the same, they all look forty-two. Also, fat women are not more noticeable than thin women; they’re less noticeable, because people find them distressing and look away. To the ushers and the ticket sellers I must’ve appeared as a huge featureless blur. If I’d ever robbed a bank no witness would have been able to describe me accurately.
Explain this," Sarah said. "Anorexics think they're fat, right? Then why don't the rest of us think we're skinny?"Lard snorted. "Cosmic injustice."Alice looked up from braiding her hair. "Don't believe everything you think.""I once had a shrink give me a piece of string and ask me to guess the size of my waist," Nicole said. "Then she measured me. I'd guessed my middle was fifteen inches smaller than it was.""Does anyone really have a healthy body image?""Or whole society is distorted," Nicole replied.
ليس الجلوس على المقعد هو الذى جعلك سمينا،إنما الخوف أن تتركه
Wow" is all I can say. I'm amazed. It never occurred to me to change the clothes to fit me. I always thought it had to be the other way around. And it never occurred to me that people who aren't overweight could have trouble with the off the rack sizes.
I'm down fifty pounds and I should be thrilled, but it's super awkward to have people call attention to me. It's like people think they're saying something that should make me feel really great. Instead, it's a reminder that they didn't like the way I looked before. That I'm fat and everybody has been judging me all along.
GreenHollyWood is a stupid fat guy, saying (I will watch that and I will check that...) and in the end nothing there isn't progress why??To fat to move!(It's a black joke, do you get it?)
If I could go back and say one thing to my younger self it would be: YOU ARE NOT FAT.
Fast is necessary when you wish to shed fat.
Michael Delaney used to be fat. Not puppy-padding fat—bursting-frankfurts-in-a-boiling-pot fat. He remembered gym class and swimming lessons. All of the thin guys who could be divided into one of two groups: those who looked but did not comment and those who looked and commented, with enthusiasm... Fat kids are like alcoholics; they always have excuses.
The coat was black and drab and obviously purchased for the sake of utility without any thought of fashion. It's the type of sacrifice you make when you're a bigger person.
One of the leading causes of obesity is the misbelief that, when it comes to juice, ‘100%’ means ‘sugar-free.
GreenHollyWood is a bad character, fat, liking jokes, liking jokes about size, about the large, about the how big are you. Likes to laugh when you make a mistake, ... but but he is a teacher?! With a glasses a fat guy!
If you fast, the fat in your body will waste away.
One thing I say about Farrakhan and Alice Walker they help me like being black. I wish I wasn't fat but I am. Maybe one day I like that too, who knows.
Poverty, like obesity, has the tendency to add at least ten years to the appearance of its victims, especially those who are over the age of twenty.
With discipline, you can lose weight, you can excel in work, you can win the war.
Some people who have been working out regularly for months or even years are still out of shape because the number of cheat days they have in a week exceeds six.
My fat years were when I was not human shaped. I was a 16-stone triangle, with inverted triangle legs, and no real neck. And that’s because I wasn’t doing human things. I didn’t walk or run or dance or swim or climb up stairs; the food I ate wasn’t the stuff that humans are supposed to eat. No one is supposed to eat a pound of boiled potatoes covered in Vitalite, or a fist-sized lump of cheese on the end of a fork, wielded like a lollipop. I had no connection to or understanding of my body. I was just a brain in a jar. I wasn’t a woman.
oh, oh GreenHollyWood says with a smile and even and angry sounds like devil who comes from hell... says not to lie and now he lies... so clever and such a smart ass. (Isn't he?!??!)
More often than not, expecting to lose weight without first losing the diet that made the weight loss necessary is like expecting a pig to be spotless after hosing it down while it was still rolling in mud.
What is a corrupted politician for a country which is like a fat fish? Just a cat, nothing but a piggish cat!
Everyone loves a conspiracy.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
But I will find new habits, new thoughts, new rules. I will become something else.
I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.
I hate people who are not serious about meals. It is so shallow of them.
A little chocolate a day keeps the doctor at bay
All worries are less with wine.
Psycholinguists argue about whether language reflects our perception of reality or helps create them. I am in the latter camp. Take the names we give the animals we eat. The Patagonian toothfish is a prehistoric-looking creature with teeth like needles and bulging yellowish eyes that lives in deep waters off the coast of South America. It did not catch on with sophisticated foodies until an enterprising Los Angeles importer renamed it the considerably more palatable "Chilean sea bass.
When they figure out how to bottle up orgasms and sell them as a food additive, I'll be first in line.
There are some things that don't change much. I find the smell of a dish, or the way a certain spice is crushed, or just a quick look at the way something has been put on a plate, can pull me back to another place and time. I love those memories that seem so far away, yet you can hold them and carry them with you, even forget them, and then, with a single taste or hint or a smell, be chaperoned back to a beautiful moment.
Love is in the sensual details.
The smell of food made him realize how ravenous he was. There was hot bread and honey, a bowl of pease porridge, a skewer of roast onions and well-charred meat. He sat by the tray, pulled apart the bread with his hands, and stuffed some into his mouth.
Nim unwrapped a loaf of fresh dilled rye bread and opened a crock of trout mousse. He slathered up a big slice and handed it to me. [...] We had thinly sliced veal smothered in kumquat sauce, fresh spinach with pine nuts, and fat red beefsteak tomatoes (impossibly rare at this time of year) broiled and stuffed with lemon apple sauce. The wide, fan-shaped mushrooms were sauteed lightly and served as a side dish. The main course was followed by a salad of red and green baby lettuce with dandelion greens and toasted hazelnuts.
Everything has sensuality, but not everyone can see it. It takes only those who have developed their ability to look at life through the eyes of an artist, which are essentially the deep eyes of passion and appreciation for the sensual world, to perceive it.
For some people quitting foods, say chocolate, can be as hard as kicking heroin is for a junkie. Food hooks people by triggering the exact chemical reactions triggered in the brain by hard drugs. Or nicotine. Or alcohol. Or shopping. Or sex.
All food is just a vehicle for transporting butter to my mouth
My philosophy is if living 'the good life' or 'sensually nourishing life' is not at the top of your priority list, you are letting your life pass you by.
But what I was really thinking was that you talk about him like...like you talk about a piece of decadent chocolate cake.
Louise was once challenged to name a food she did not like. She paused to consider. That pause was now in its fifteenth year.
A soul-nourishing life is not possible if we neglect our sensuality.
We create our own sensuality.
Sensual innovation is the new hustle in today’s world of love and romance.
How can you love yourself if you don’t live a sensual lifestyle?
There was one thing that made my mother truly happy: food. In New Hampshire, to save money, she turned off the heat and kept on the oven while she made four varieties of roasted beet soup. She wore pomegranate perfume. At the supermarket, she was like an ant building a hill. At night, she slept with yogurt and honey smeared on her face.Food was my mother's life. Sometimes, I wondered if she'd married my father because of his last name: Seltzer. Her maiden name wasn't really her own. She was adopted. So she took a last name that represented the only part of herself that felt true: food. And seltzer was her secret to delicate crepes, the perfect French onion tart, and fried chicken that actually glittered.
How an Englishman came to be ‘Cooking up a Country’ in ItalyIt was a book that got me into this mess. Almost twenty years ago after reading Annie Hawes excellent, Extra Virgin, I jumped on a flight intent on experiencing Liguria for myself. What I discovered here has had me coming back for holidays ever since. Until two years ago, that is, when I bowed to the inevitable British compulsion to own property.
What is cooking if not an art form? From the mandala of fresh whole foods and spices carefully selected for each dish to the mindful manner in which it is prepared, presented, and enjoyed, every meal is a unique manifestation of your authentic voice.
Unlike a painting or a sculpture, food is an impermanent, fleeting art form. A momentary artistic offering, the enjoyment of which necessitates its destruction.
Writers know that if you want to portray a person succinctly, tellingly, you describe the way he eats. Food is the royal road to the unconscious.
Think you're not an artist? Of course you are! Everyone has something special to offer. Go for it! Creative expression is what makes a meal, in a word, Beautiful. Go ahead and find your creative voice in food and feel the power it has to transform your dining experience.
Cheese is all about the dark side of life" - Sister Noella; aka The Cheese Nun
I could, like some of the meat we were cooking, relax into it, clear my mind of competing desires &amp; give myself over to the work... This time became a kind of luxury. And that is precisely when I began to truly enjoy the work of cooking.
Is there any more feudal, soul eradiating experience than standing before the little window on a microwave oven watching the carousel slowly revolve your frozen block of dinner? Time spent this way might be easier than cooking but it is not enjoyable &amp; surely not ennobling. It is to feel spiritually unemployed, useless to self &amp; humanity.
There is nothing in the world that good food cannot fix.
Now get free Indian Food Delivery in NSW. Thick dal makni, savouring aloo paranthas, crisp and creamy chicken tikka, and soft naans - delivered right to your doorstep. Visit Shandar Tandoori for the best Indian taste you can find in NSW. Fast, easy, and secure online orders. Visit the website for details.
That is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.
The ink of the scholar is more holy than the blood of the martyr.
المؤمن لا تتم له لذه بمعصيه أبداً بل لا يُباشـرها إلا و الحزن يخالط قلبه و متى خلا قلبه من هذا الحزن فليبكي على موت قلبه
العلم شيئان : إمّا قول مصدّق أو بحثٌ محقّق، وما سوى ذلك فهذيان
كل ما شغلك عن القرآن هو شؤم عليك
إذا أصبت بالفتور، فعليك بالتفكير فوراً في عمل تقوم به.. ابدأ والله يأخذ بيدك.. اعمل ..تحرك..
We should have a State in which we could live and breathe as free men and which we could develop according to our own lights and culture and where principles of Islamic social justice could find free play.
ومن الزاد خبيئة.. خبيئة من عمل صالح لم يطلع عليه بشر، يصلح للتوسل به في محطات الطريق ومطباته
Al-Qur'an is not a book of Science, ‘S-C-I-E-N-C-E’ but a book of Signs ‘S-I-G-N-S
أما الاسلام، "مصباح الطريق" الذي هو "لا شرقيٌ ولا غربيٌ" هذه الكلمة الطاهرة كالشجرة الطيبة أصلها في "الأرض" وفرعها في "السماء" فهو يرى الواقع الموجود في الحياة، في الروح والجسد، في العلاقات الإجتماعية، في بناء المجتمع وحركة التاريخ -خلافاً للمثالية-، وكالواقعية، يعترف بوجود هذه الأمور ولكنه -خلافاً للواقعية- لا "يرضخ ل...ها" بل "يغيرها " يبدل "ماهيتها" بأسلوب ثوري، ويقودها في مسير مثالياته ومن أجل الحصول على أهدافه المثالية، "يتوسل" بغاياته "الحقيقية" لكن غير الواقعية" فلا يستسلم لها كالواقعي بل يضعها له، ولا يفر منها كالمثالي، بل يذهب نحوها ويشد بحبله على رقبتها، ويطوعها، وهكذا يجعل مما كان "حاجزاً للمثالي، "مركباً" مثالياً له.
আমরা আমাদের ব্যবসায় ইনভেস্ট করি টাকাপয়সা। কিন্তু আমরা খেয়াল করে দেখি না যে আমাদের জীবনও একটি ব্যবসার মতো। এতে লাভ বা ক্ষতি রয়েছে। কিন্তু এই ব্যবসার মূলধন কিন্তু টাকাপয়সা নয়। জীবনের যে ব্যবসা তাতে মূলধন হলো সময়। আমাদের প্রত্যেককে কিছু সময় পৃথিবীতে মূলধন হিসেবে দেওয়া হয়েছে। এই মূলধনকে কাজে লাগিয়ে আমাদের এ ব্যবসায় লাভবান হতে হবে।
إني أهيب بالمسلمين أن يراجعوا كتابهم وسنة نبيهم في تعرف أحكام الأسرة وأشرف الأساليب لبقاء البيت المسلم يؤدي رسالته والإجتماعية وأن يدرسوا ما يقع في أرجاء العالم من هذا القبيل فليس من المعقول أن تمنع المرأة عندنا من ركوب سيارة على حين يعطيها العالم حق إقتياد أمة والسهر على مصالحها
I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)... 'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.'] ...two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]' ...I can see that he's excited. [narrator]' ...Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho ... Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!
والنُكتة هي في أنّ الحق تعالى في القرآن الشريف والأنبياء والأئمة عليهم السلام في الأحاديث الشريفة قد بيّنوا الحقائق العقلية بلغة معروفة لعامّة الناس من باب الشفقة والرحمة لبني آدم، حتى يكون لكل منهم - على قدر فهمه - حظاً من هذه الحقائق. وهم ينزلون الحقائق الغيبية العقلية منزلة المحسوسات والموجودات كي يكون لعامة الناس حظ في عالم الغيب بحسب قدرهم ولكن ينبغي لمتلقي علوم أولئك السادة والمستفيدين من معارف القرآن الشريف، وأحاديث أهل العصمة من أجل أداء شكر هذه النّعمة وجزاء هذه العطية، أن لا يتطاولوا على مقاماتهم،فيقلبون الصورة لإلى الباطن والقشر إلى اللب، والدنيا إلى الآخرة حيث أن الوقوف عند الحدود اقتحام في الهلكات والقناعة بالصور تأخر عن قافلة السالكين، وهذه الحقيقة واللطيفة الإلهية - وهي العلم بالتأويل - تحصل بالمجاهدات العلميّة والرياضيات العقلية مشفوعة بالرياضات العملية، وتطهير النفوس وتنزية القلوب وتقديس الأرواح 
So we have to internalize a very powerful reality that Allah has given us. We treasure all of our relationships so long as, they are something that is building us towards the akhirah (the afterlife). So I want to leave you with this picture, what Allah has in His possession is better.
إن البصر الثاقب لم تفته حالة الرجل المحكوم عليه وقد ملكه الفشل، فولى يستر ضعفه واستسلامه بهذه الكلمة: حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل، إنها هنا كلمة حق أريد بها باطل! 
সত্যকে নিজের দাস মনে না করে নিজেকে সত্যের অনুসারী হিসেবে দাঁড় করাতে হবে।
In my land, in the event of a divorce, the mother has the right to retain her children if they are still suckling. But in most cases, a mother maintains custody of daughters until a girl child reaches puberty. In the case of male children, the boy should be allowed to remain with his mother until he is seven. When he reaches his seventh birthday, he is supposed to have the option to choose between his mother or father. Generally it is accepted that the father have his sons at age seven. A son must go with his father at the age of puberty, regardless of the child's wishes. Often, in the case of male children, many fathers will not allow the mother to retain custody of a son, no matter what the age of the child.
The common understanding among Muslims, no doubt indoctrinated by Western notions, is that a secular state is a state that is not governed by the 'ulama', or whose legal system is not established upon the revealed law. In other words it is not a theocratic state. But this setting in contrast the secular state with the theocratic state is not really an Islamic way of understanding the matter, for since Islam does not involve itself in the dichotomy between the sacred and the profane, how then can it set in contrast the theocratic state with the secular state?
Tuhanku, puaskan aku dengan aturanMu daripada aturanku, dengan pilihanMu daripada pilihanku
A million gripes against the darkness will not make a dent in it. But a little candle will.
Is there any greater act then praying for all people from every nation?
ما خابت قلوب قط أودعت البارئ أمانيها .. فعند الله لا تضيع الأماني
দূর আজানের মধুর ধ্বনি, বাজে, বাজে মসজিদের-ই মিনারে। মনেতে জাগে, হাজার বছর আগে, হজরত বেলালের অনুরাগে। তার খাস এলাহান, মাতাইতো প্রাণ। ভাঙ্গাইতো পাষান, জাগাইতো মহিমারে। দূর আজানের মধুর ধ্বনি, বাজে, বাজে মসজিদের-ই মিনারে
Sebarkan Titik Persamaan, Hindarkan Titik Perbezaan. :)
I may be of any Caste, Creed, Race or a Sect, but nothing would be worth mentioning that praise &amp; glory to the Almighty that I am a Muslim!
Shab E Barat is the night of forgivenessbut haqooq ul Ibad is not forgivenuntil that person forgivesPlease forgive me if I did anything wrong to you.
I told my family that, in my opinion, the remaining traditions of that era were what kept us women in bondage, and not the Koran. Few people know the facts, that the Koran does not call for veiling, nor the restrictions women endure in the Muslim world. It is the traditions passed down that so hinder us from moving forward.
Under Muslim law, a man's freedom to divorce his wife is justified in the Koran. This system of the threat of divorce looming over a woman's security is most unsettling to women in my land. It is intolerable that many men stretch this ruling to the utmost of its flexibility, demanding divorce for the most trivial causes, ending with the continuous social degradation of their women. Women do not have the same options, since a divorce in a woman's favour is given only after a thorough investigation into her life. More often than not, women will not be allowed to divorce, even when there is just cause. This female lack of freedom so enjoyed by males creates onesided, often cruel methods of male control and power over their women. The words of divorce slip most easily off the tongue of a man who wishes to punish his wife, 'I divorce thee', or 'I dismiss thee', sending the woman into exile from her married home, often without her children.
When it comes to gay and lesbian people, the irony is they are more likely to reproduce in countries less accepting of them.
Then I brought up the obvious, that the physical vulnerabilities of a woman can be traced to that most important function of human accomplishments, the absorption of her strength in carrying, nursing and rearing children. I have always known that this one fact doomed females to a subordinate status in all societies. Instead of attaining honour for being producers of life, we are penalized! To my mind, this fact is the scandal of civilization!
Sometimes I wonder if we ever truly let anyone completely in. The desire for another human being to know you, all of you, all the pieces, even the ones you’re ashamed of — is huge. But too often, we sit down and sort through the pieces only picking out the pretty ones, leaving the ugly ones behind, not realizing that choosing not to share with someone else is like committing a crime against our very soul
she was completely wholeand yet never fully complete
How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also If I am to be whole.
Family was even a bigger word than I imagined, wide and without limitations, if you allowed it, defying easy definition. You had family that was supposed to be family and wasn't, family that wasn't family but was, halves becoming whole, wholes splitting into two; it was possible to lack whole, honest love and connection from family in lead roles, yet to be filled to abundance by the unexpected supporting players.
But if you do know what is taught by plants and weather, you are in on the gossip and can feel truly at home. The sum of a field's forces [become] what we call very loosely the 'spirit of the place.' To know the spirit of a place is to realize that you are a part of a part and that the whole is made or parts, each of which in a whole. You start with the part you are whole in.
Love is made up of three unconditional properties in equal measure:1. Acceptance2. Understanding3. AppreciationRemove any one of the three and the triangle falls apart.Which, by the way, is something highly inadvisable. Think about it — do you really want to live in a world of only two dimensions?So, for the love of a triangle, please keep love whole.
Just take my hand, lead, dance with me...and I will simply follow the blueness of the water, the white waves rolling free...where the earth beneath my feet and stars make my heart whole again...in long and priceless moments of shared solitude...
This is because Marxism looks at things as a whole and in relation to each other—or tries to, but its limitations are not the point for the moment. A person who has been influenced by Marxism takes it for granted that an event in Siberia will affect one in Botswana. I think it is possible that Marxism was the first attempt, for our time [written in 1971], outside the formal religions, at a world-mind, a world ethic. It went wrong, could not prevent itself from dividing and subdividing, like all the other religions, into smaller and smaller chapels, sects and creeds. But it was an attempt.
It would actually constitute more than a miracle, he realised. It would take divine intervention plus luck, plus some unknown element of cosmic wizardry.
When she laughs the world stops for a while!
We were one thing. A whole thing. You and I and Nighteyes. I felt a strange sort of peace. As if all the parts of me were finally in one place. All the missing bits that would make me a complete... thing.' I shook my head. 'Words don't read that far.
Only when we have carved you into pieces can you be whole again.
When you spend any time at all paying attention to the proclivities of the natural world, you realize that nature has no problem including in its sorority the dead, dying, and ailing as fully as the lovely, healthy, and whole.
Each and every one of us is absolutely complete. We all contain both masculine and feminine polarities. No-thing can exist incomplete. You can only love another appropriately when you understand your own completeness.
In every atom, there is a reflection of the whole.
Eventually, you stop needing to have the experience of heartbreak. And you stop needing to have the experience of heartbreak when you realize you are already whole. If you are already love no one can come into your life and take away the love you’ve cultivated and become. When you go into a relationship whole and you decide to end it, you leave the relationship whole, when it was truly based in love. No one can deplete you of love when you have the realization you are already love.
This clod is like my heartI smash it all apartI had one goal, to keep it wholeBut that’s beyond my art
The Word is living and active. It will conform you by dividing you. And in the dividing, miracle of miracles, it will render you whole.
Your thoughts make me miss you. I feel restless. I feel unhappy. I feel incomplete. I feel pain. And then when I go deep into my soul, I realize that I am complete by myself. I am whole.
And you stop needing to have the experience ofheartbreak when you realize you are already whole.
Let the whole universe know,What you are able to do!
Happy Valentine's Day.Thank you for your love, and for making my life &amp; heart whole.
Each time a cycle comes around where you are uncomfortable and feel this pressure, either mentally, spiritually, or energetically your higher-self is offering you a choice to continue down a path of creating more disease or adjust your path to be in alignment with your highest truth, to be in alignment with universal will, to be whole.
Though words can't make us whole but sometimes a genuine "I'm here for you" can be the touch your heart is craving to feel when it's broken.
Sweetheart, I may be a little broken. But I can still make whole.
For it is not needful, to use a common proverb, that one should drink up the ocean who wishes to learn that its water is salt.
Nobody is going to say to you that if you waste enough time in the end of this wholes story time is going to waste you.
Without the pieces there can be no whole and without the whole the pieces have no place. What the hell does that mean?Did you know that it requires the time and effort of approximately 10,000 individuals to get the coffee from the plant to your coffee pot each and every morning? That's just your morning cup of coffee! Expand that outwards to all the other products you pick up from your grocery store, to the water, sewage, and power systems hooked up to your house. In order for you to maintain your lifestyle, it requires the efforts of millions of individuals you don't even know exist. Suddenly the concept of independence sounds kind of absurd!If you are special, it's not because of you as an individual, it's because of your compatibility within the whole. Become a source of dysfunction within the whole and suddenly your importance wanes, folks try to avoid you.This is the philosophy of sunyata which some refer to as the theory of emptiness but which I choose to think of as the theory of the pieces and the whole.
Stupidity blows the whole cover.
Stop for a minute... and let's conclude the whole thing...- If you can't talk... you don't have place here in this world.
It's egoistic the whole thing "That you want to survive"… - it's just selfish.
I am a lover of words and tragically beautiful things, poor timing and longing, and all things with soul, and I wonder if that means I am entirely broken, or if those are the things that have been keeping me whole.
Interpretation gives knowledge value, but it must evolve as new knowledge emerges. From a myriad incomplete truth, a greater whole.
I don't belong to you ... You thought if I married you that I would, but I don't. I don't belong to any man ... I only belong to myself. But belonging to myself doesn't mean I don't love you or that I don't want to stand beside you.
That we know and do stuff and get stuff doesn't mess us less cavemen we are still there… different reality the same concept runs in the basis of the whole game.
You don’t see the whole picture! You don’t know the whole story! But you keep speaking as if you see the whole picture, you keep talking as if you know the whole story! Go away, go! See the whole picture, know the whole story, and then come back and speak! Let only the people who see the whole speak!
May I splinter away from myself break into whole units and live in each with perfection!
ROCK STATE OF MINDThe lights go outDarkness takes over my mindI can see only the unreal…The sound of the pianoWhispers in my earsProvoking the sea of tearsBreaking down the stringsAttaching me to my fearsThe violin wakens the dreamsCreating the willDetaching from the groundLifting me upTo be one with the dark cloudsTo feel the storm whelming up insideThe strings of the guitar cinchesThe cords binding me to youLuring me to the ends of the galaxiesGluing me to an inaccessible timeWhere time stands stillAnd pain continuously spillsBut your voice slithers in betweenRising with each beatStretching out its wingsSheltering me from the windFighting my warsRisking it allSilence…..The pulsation of the drumsJoin with the beats of my heartStating their case in syncAwakening me to your presenceAnd in a flash of lightningHeaven and earth become oneThe piano severing the strings to my fearsThe violin forging a stormThe guitar freezing timeYour voice fighting my warsThe drums breathing life into meThat’s rock for meThe rock state of mind
Overpreparedness has stopped you your whole life from doing what you want to do.
The more we realize that we are only separated by the membrane of our own limiting and dividing beliefs, the more sand we remove, ultimately uncovering the deep and direct roots between us. Only then is society truly united, when we realize we are a whole, composed of cohesive parts.
You have to learn to look at the whole of something, not just the parts.
His face was so ravaged, it was like looking at death itself. Except for the smooth, silvered part of it. By creeping degrees, his human hand lifted. He turned it over, showing a bloody palm. His cracked lips moved. 'Beloved.'He could not say the word, but I knew it. So did his Fool.
We are here to love hard and true. Here to give ourselves over to the rush and bliss of it all. Here to offer our patchwork hearts over and over again. Here to feel and fall and hurt and bleed. Here to say yes and to choose wholeness and to break anyway and to do it all again.
I am afraid I am going to drift into fiction, truthful but incomplete, for lack of some details which I cannot conjure up today and which might have enlightened us. This morning, the idea of the egg came again to my mind and I thought that I could use it as a crystal to look at Madrid in those days of July and August 1940—for why should it not enclose my own experiences as well as the past and future history of the Universe? The egg is the macrocosm and the microcosm, the dividing line between the Big and the Small which makes it impossible to see the whole. To possess a telescope without its other essential half—the microscope—seems to me a symbol of the darkest incomprehension. The task of the right eye is to peer into the telescope, while the left eye peers into the microscope.
If man made himself the first object of study, he would see how incapable he is of going further. How can a part know the whole? But he may perhaps aspire to know at least the parts to which he bears some proportion. But the parts of the world are all so related and linked to one another, that I believe it impossible to know one without the other and without the whole. Man, for instance, is related to all he knows. He needs a place wherein to abide, time through which to live, motion in order to live, elements to compose him, warmth and food to nourish him, air to breathe. He sees light; he feels bodies; in short, he is in a dependant alliance with everything. To know man, then, it is necessary to know how it happens that he needs air to live, and, to know the air, we must know how it is thus related to the life of man, etc. Flame cannot exist without air; therefore to understand the one, we must understand the other. Since everything then is cause and effect, dependant and supporting, mediate and immediate, and all is held together by a natural though imperceptible chain, which binds together things most distant and most different, I hold it equally impossible to know the parts without knowing the whole, and to know the whole without knowing the parts in detail.
Love is like going through a blender, and coming out whole again.
His face was so ravaged, it was like looking at death itself. Except for the smooth, silvered part of it. By creeping degrees, his human hand lifted. He turned it over, showing a bloody palm. His cracked lips moved. Beloved.He could not say the word, but I knew it. So did his Fool.
The holes in my shoes and the holes in my jeans make me whole!
A culture, like an individual, is a more or less consistent pattern of thought and action. [...] Each people further and further consolidates its experience, and in proportion to the urgency of these drives the heterogenous items of behaviour take more and more congruous shape. [...]Such patterning of culture cannot be ignored as if it were an unimportant detail. The whole, as modern science is insisting in many fields, is not merely the sum of all its parts, but the result of a unique arrangement and interrelation of the parts that has brought about a new entity. Gunpowder is not merely the sum of sulphur and charcoal and saltpeter, and no amount of knowledge even of all three of tis elements in all the forms they take in the natural world will demonstrate the nature of gunpowder.
I bet a whole fucking life on my parents... it really nothing happened, their moral rules and their visions cost me massive trauma... mainly because I was in the other people's eyes "Weird".
After one divorce and other on the way I am seriously considering a ME-rriage now and .t's going to be epic! I will ask my hand in meTRInomy, for it will become a trigamy. And me, my higher self and third I will live happily ever after life...We will live in threesomeness!
A footprint in the sand can become your whole existence if you let it.
I wonder if you’re looking at the supermoon wondering what it’s like to feel whole?
The whole idea of being dumb is = "I don't know", "I don't know", "I don't know".
And, behold, a woman, which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years, came behind him, and touched the hem of his garment: For she said within herself, If I may but touch his garment, I shall be whole. But Jesus turned him about, and when he saw her, he said, Daughter, be of good comfort; thy faith hath made thee whole. And the woman was made whole from that hour.
We must free ourselves from this prison that restricts our personal desires by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
The whole magic trick is in the end you never reveal everything... you reveal drop by drop... little by little - THAT's the best MOVE!
How can I keep you safe, when I can't even keep you whole?
Corruption in any institution can only take hold, if organised elements within it act on delusional beliefs that do not benefit the whole.
The need of theory is supported by the eros of the philosopher. It is not the expression of his will to conquer nature. Therefore, the joys of contemplation are "immediate enjoyments," joys that belong intrinsically to contemplation, and they come without further setting of goals or justification to the one receptive to them. They are not tied to social use, neither dependent upon the opinion of others nor gained from the expectation of future glory. The love for the observation of nature, for the observation of the details of the structure in which nature becomes comprehensible, of the order in which nature is articulated, of the spectacle nature provides for one who takes an interest in its objects, who lets its forms, colors, and sounds affect him, this love accords with the love of oneself. Both discourage highfalutin plans to change the world by the transformation of nature. Both impose moderation on the philosopher. He will be especially adequate to his desire to "contribute" something "to this beautiful system" by his conceiving it as a "system" and as "beautiful." The contribution most his own is that he has the whole in view; that he sees things and beings within the horizon of the whole, that he investigates and orders them as parts, that he knows himself as a part and reflects on his relation to the whole or that he poses the question of the whole. But if he wants to keep the question of the whole in view, he may not lose himself. To conceive the "beautiful system," he must devote himself to it in detail and again return to himself. To be able to observe nature, he may not blend into it. Observation requires both proximity and distance.
إن الأدب يؤدي إلي تغيير إنساني يجعل الإنسان أكثر رقيا وأكثر رحابة ويعمل علي زيادة معرفة النفس البشرية، كما يجعل الإنسان يفهم الآخرين قبل الحكم عليهم
There are five dangerous faults which may affect a general:(1) Recklessness, which leads to destruction;(2) cowardice, which leads to capture;(3) a hasty temper, which can be provoked by insults;(4) a delicacy of honor which is sensitive to shame;(5) over-solicitude for his men, which exposes him to worry and trouble.
A man's bookcase will tell you everything you'll ever need to know about him.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs, jolted by every pebble in the road.
In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.
Everybody is equally weak on the inside, just that some present their ruins as new castles and become kings –
Creativeness is the only thing that shows our imagination
Sekiranya pembaca itu punya satu tanggungjawab yang perlu dihalusi, apakah penulis itu bebas untuk meloretkan setiap tinta diatas sehelai kertas putih dengan coretan yang penuh noda?Hidup ini pinjaman. Sesuatu yg dipinjam harus dipulangkan. Lalu, tegakah memulangkan sesuatu yg sgt sempurna dengan cacat yg sudah tercela?Aku pilih untuk berdiam kerana manusia itu kerap menghukum tanpa ada simpati....-sHana
FYI, women think glasses are a sign of brains, and also, they're sexy.
You have a life; make a success of it.
if you want your name to be remembered after your death either do something worth writing or write some thing worth reading
Even though he did not hear me sometimes so that I had to repeat my questions a second or third time. By then my tone was as abrasive as the coarse hair or the boar. How he annoyed me!
The more one pleases generally, the less one pleases profoundly.
People with victim mentality do not have the habit of thinking on their own or thinking in general
Every woman needs to appreciate her natural beauty, but she also needs to analyze the topic of complexes in general
She was here. For the first time he was unsure of what to say. General Carter had led men in battle, planned strategies effecting tens of thousands of men, yet one woman left him speechless.Grace Willows General's DawnComing soon to Amazo
He felt the beginning tendrils of hope wrap around his heart.Grace Willows - General's Dawn Coming soon to Amazon
Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) has appeared in the general population at approximately the same time as Bee Colony Collapse.
Mister Jordan?” Came the genteel, restrained voice of a more senior gentleman in the front of the canoe.“Yes, General?”“Shut up.” The General said curtly. “You’re scaring the fish.
All armor has its weaknesses. That doesn't mean you should stop wearing it.
He realised war was not against an enemy. War is against everything – you never know who is the friend or foe. For Pierre, this bookshop was war.
Sepertimana kita mengharap memperoleh pengakhiran yang baik dalam hidup. Maka coretlah yang terbaik untuk tatapan kerana sesuatu yang baik itu akan diingati hingga keakhirnya.
I urge the general public to be wary of the police on the grounds of health and safety.
We pushed it, but when the State Department says 'you're being a bunch of assholes' what are you going to do?
She succeeds because she is loved and respected. - Kailin Gow, Amazon Lee and The Red Jade General Lady Liang of Song
For the most part, people live their normal lives. Except when at parties, in a group or away from home, then a different person emerges.
When you thinkoutside the boxwonderful thingshappen.
The general public has failed to realize that the USA government has built a High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) in most cities with the mass deployment of smart radio frequency transmitting utility meters.
kadangakala diam itu bukan beerti merelakan cuma lebih menjaga hati agar tidak terluka dan melukakan
When someone does not respond, not responding is their response. RJ Intindola – 1982
Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmareto the jeweled vision of a life started anew.
Children of her type contrive the purest philosophies. Ada had worked out her own little system. Hardly a week had elapsed since Van’s arrival when he was found worthy of being initiated in her web of wisdom. An individual’s life consisted of certain classified things: "real things" which were unfrequent and priceless, simply "things" which formed the routine stuff of life; and "ghost things," also called "fogs," such as fever, toothache, dreadful disappointments, and death. Three or more things occurring at the same time formed a "tower," or, if they came in immediate succession, they made a "bridge." "Real towers" and "real bridges" were the joys of life, and when the towers came in a series, one experienced supreme rapture; it almost never happened, though. In some circumstances, in a certain light, a neutral "thing" might look or even actually become "real" or else, conversely, it might coagulate into a fetid "fog." When the joy and the joyless happened to be intermixed, simultaneously or along the ramp of duration, one was confronted with "ruined towers" and "broken bridges.
For too long, information, opportunities, and resources have been constraints, they need to be the bridges.
Build bridges, not walls.
Understanding languages and other cultures builds bridges. It is the fastest way to bring the world closer together and to Truth. Through understanding, people will be able to see their similarities before differences.
Through love, tribes have been intermixing colors to reveal a new rainbow world. And as more time passes, this racial and cultural blending will make it harder for humans to side with one race, nation or religion over another.
(2002) In Rome, month upon month, I struggled with how to structure the book about my father (He already had the water, he just had to discover jars). At one point I laid each chapter out on the terrazzo floor, eighty-three in all, arranged them like the map of an imaginary city. Some of the piles of paper, I imagined, were freestanding buildings, some were clustered into neighborhoods, and some were open space. On the outskirts, of course, were the tenements--abandoned, ramshackled. The spaces between the piles were the roads, the alleyways, the footpaths, the rivers. The bridges to other neighborhoods, the bridges out...In this way I could get a sense if one could find their way through the book, if the map I was creating made sense, if it was a place one would want to spend some time in. If one could wander there, if one could get lost.
Build bridges not walls.
So he bought tickets to the Greyhound and they climbed, painfully, inch by inch and with the knowledge that, once they reached the top, there would be one breath-taking moment when the car would tip precariously into space, over an incline six stories steep and then plunge, like a plunging plane. She buried her head against him, fearing to look at the park spread below. He forced himself to look: thousands of little people and hundreds of bright little stands, and over it all the coal-smoke pall of the river factories and railroad yards. He saw in that moment the whole dim-lit city on the last night of summer; the troubled streets that led to the abandoned beaches, the for-rent signs above overnight hotels and furnished basement rooms, moving trolleys and rising bridges: the cagework city, beneath a coalsmoke sky.
Compassion removes the walls of mistrust and builds bridges of hope, trust and beliefs.
I told her I loved the howling sound of her harmonica. That seemed to be the limit of my courage that night, and even those spoken words had to struggle their way out of my mouth. It's all very well for words to build bridges, but sometimes I think it's a matter of knowing when to do it. Knowing when the time's right.
Bridges symbolize change and flexibility! They show us this simple philosophy: When you are on one side, you can easily move to the other side!
If watching a bridge is much more exciting than crossing that bridge, then you can be sure that it is a very beautiful bridge!
Bridges are meant to connect They're meant to defy drops and distances, but occasionally we lose our way.... we fall off, we drive off, we consider jumping. -Razor aka. Thomas Turner pg. 410
Traffic was congested in both directions due to the recent destruction of the bridges and the many abandoned cars, which left fewer options for those still trying desperately to flee the city and finding themselves unable to go anywhere. The vehicle occupants were easy pickings for the increasing number of infected on the roadway.
When you cross a bridge, you take a break from this world!
No precipice can challenge you if you have the ability to build bridges over any kind of precipice!
Because life has many deep valleys and bottomless precipices, you will always need high bridges and resolution is the highest bridge you can ever have!
I can rush off a cliff or I can build a bridge across it. And if you look around, we seem to be awfully light on bridges these days because we’re incredibly limited on patience.
I never burned any bridges but they all collapsed from the weight of my sadness.
Not everyone is placid enough to build bridges over. Not everyone is submissive enough to allow dams. Some are meant to be free. Flowing.
Bridges are made with intention. They make it possible to go between two places that were previously difficult to access.
You cannot have the right to cross a bridge without respecting it! You cannot have the right to use the things without respecting them!
All the bridges you crossed and thought you burned are still looming ahead.
In the beginning was the word. And the word was split into infinity. All words, then, are part of the whole. Just as we are each part of the whole. There are individual words, as we are individual beings. Each word carries with it the memory of the whole logos. Just as we each carry the memory of the whole universe.
Never discount another man's faith just because it is dressed in another language foreign to your own. Language can be used as a serious weapon in shining and sharing Truth, but can also be used to hide or distort it. For example, do not shun Hinduism because you do not understand it by its exterior, without first opening the Gita and patiently examining its interior. Honorable virtues prized by God are found in the majority of the world's religions. Never listen to another man's opinion of any faith without first truly examining it yourself from every angle, and questioning any possible motives behind those giving their opinion. A kind man would never put down another man's mother just for not liking her dress. So what makes you feel justified in tearing down another man's faith simply because he prefers referring to God using a different title? Or prefers worshiping him in a different mansion? Or prefers taking a different path to reach the same destination? Or for electing to wear a traditional uniform to perform his services or reflect his faith? Never reflect hatred in your speech, or act in superiority over another man, because it only shows to others that it is YOU who really does not understand God and his message. Any man who promotes hatred or violence towards another man is NOT Sikh, Hindu, Muslim, Christian, Jewish or any other God-loving faith on earth. God is LOVE and LIGHT, not hatred and ignorance. Any unbiased religious scholar will tell you that LOVE is God's message in all of the world's religions -- except Satanism.
Greatness is not measured by the walls we build but by the bridges.
A word is a bridge. It is a wave of light and sound that spans the perceived distance between one thing and another.
The Minotaur comes and goes. He has for centuries. And there have been many bridges.The Minotaur pauses, as he walks, midway through the covered bridge that serves, in more ways than one, as the entrance to Old Scald Village. He rests his heavy snout against one of the wooden trusses. The Minotaur likes this portal, both ingress and egress, a breach in the terribly human construct of time.
Because the difference between a friend and a real friend is that you and the real friend come from the same territory, of the same place deep inside you, and that means you see the world in the same kind of way. You know each other even before you do.
When you become a teenager, you step onto a bridge. You may already be on it. The opposite shore is adulthood. Childhood lies behind. The bridge is made of wood. As you cross, it burns behind you
If you can't get what you want, you end up doing something else, just to get some relief. Just to keep from going crazy. Because when you're sad enough, you look for ways to fill you up.
Stop fighting me!" he said, trying to pull on the arm he held.He was in a precarious position himself, straddling the rail as he tried to lean over far enough to get me and actually hold onto me.“Let go of me!” I yelled back.But he was too strong and managed to haul most of me over the rail, enough so that I wasn’t in total danger of falling again.See, here’s the thing. In that moment before I let go, I really had been contemplating my death. I’d come to terms with it and accepted it. I also, however, had known Dimitri might do something exactly like this. He was just that fast and that good. That was why I was holding my stake in the hand that was dangling free.I looked him in the eye. "I will always love you."Then I plunged the stake into his chest.It wasn’t as precise a blow as I would have liked, not with the skilled way he was dodging. I struggled to get the stake in deep enough to his heart, unsure if I could do it from this angle. Then, his struggles stopped. His eyes stared at me, stunned, and his lips parted, almost into a smile, albeit a grisly and pained one."That’s what I was supposed to say. . .” he gasped out.Those were his last words.
And then what?""I'll burn that bridge when I cross it.
When the invisible wall between two secret gardens crumbles down, it may provoke an irreparable emotional earth slide or it may be an unexpected opportunity of building a newfangled bridge between clandestine desires and furtive impulses. .( "No handkerchief, when you need it")
Art is what gets us beyond what is real. It makes reality more real. It also shortens the distance we gotta travel to see how connected we are. 
Once upon a time there were two countries, at war with each other. In order to make peace after many years of conflict, they decided to build a bridge across the ocean.But because they never learned each other’s language properly, they could never agree on the details, so the two halves of the bridge they started to build never met.To this day the bridge extends far into the ocean from both sides, and simply ends half way, miles in the wrong direction from the meeting point.And the two countries are still at war.
To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.
Look, my dad has a saying - we'll burn that bridge when get to it. OK? You get it? Worry about tomorrow, tomorrow.
I'll figure out how to be truer: to let people go if they need to be let go of, and to hold on tight if that's what's called for. I will pay attention, so I can cross each human heart that comes across my path, cross it as true as I can.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.Cross it? I'm making plans to destroy the bridge from orbit.-Colonel Ceeta &amp; Captain Tagon
It feels like spoken words, this bridge. I want it but fear it. God, I want so desperately to reach the other side - just like I want the words. I want my words to build bridges strong enough to walk on. I want them to tower over the world so I can stand up on them and walk to the other side.
Cherie, keep walking. Shut your eyes. We are headed for the bridge. We are going to cross it.
I think humans are only capable of small moments of honesty. Then they get tired and back away. It's something to foster, this ability to keep it for longer. How to keep being honest and aware.
And I bet it's harder than people think, isn't it? Everything looks so simple from a distance. Then, the more you look, the more you see. And that's when you have to rise to the challenge.
Only in a place like this do earth and sky come together in such a way that they bridge into one, and in such a place a person could put up her arms and find herself in heaven.
You just have to let go of your ego, think about what the other person wants from you, and to consciously take simple but definite steps to bridge the communication gap.
Poetry isn’t an island, it is the bridge. Poetry isn’t a ship, it is the lifeboat. Poetry isn’t swimming. Poetry is water.
You cannot have the right to cross a bridge without respecting it! You cannot have the right to use the things without respecting them!
Golden bridge, silver bridge or diamond bridge; it doesn’t matter! As long as the bridge takes you across the other side, it is a good bridge!
Commissioner Harris at the far end stared along the mad pathway. This was his first child and it had already become a murderer.
Every subject, figure, and relation require a direct bridge, for a stable, steady and secure connection of amenable; otherwise, occurs failure, and ineffectual repercussion.
When you cross a bridge, you take a break from this world!
Upendo ni daraja la chuki.
Build bridges not walls.
love is the way across life. love is your crossing. love is the bridge that connects you to the only thing that matters
well, jumping off the bridge, that is not it, not even close...for you see, it's not crossing the bridge in the first place, doing nothing in the name of love, that is the most reckless thing you can do
Love is a bridge of hatred.
Here's to the bridge-builders, the hand-holders, the light-bringers, those extraordinary souls wrapped in ordinary lives who quietly weave threads of humanity into an inhumane world. They are the unsung heroes in a world at war with itself. They are the whisperers of hope that peace is possible. Look for them in this present darkness. Light your candle with their flame. And then go. Build bridges. Hold hands. Bring light to a dark and desperate world. Be the hero you are looking for. Peace is possible. It begins with us.
I would rather lie facedown on the ground and use my body as a bridge, than stand proud and tall and use my body as a wall.
The hours tick by as I lie in bed.Memories keep surfacing, tormenting me into unbelievable sadness. I can't bring myself to move. I can't fight the memories that keep filling my thoughts. I stay curled in the fetal position as each memory plays out. I can't stop them from coming. I can't make them go away. Nothing can distract me. I can't block the memories, so they continue to come.
we all have bridges we must cross, sometimes with others, sometimes alone...these bridges can lead us across turbulences and trouble, keeping us safe...or, they can be burned down to break contact when we need to forgive and forget, move forward and leave things behind. however, bridges can also be connections to joy and happiness, linking happy moments to more happy moments...bridges are our path across and over, connecting us from within ourselves to all the things that matter on the other side, a true cross...
 Lonely.My heart grips as the word crosses my mind. So many different feelings come with the word, not just loneliness. The word went beyond its definition. Loneliness has a deeper meaning to those who truly know what it means to be alone.
Believing there is a bridge from where you are to where you want to go is 99% of the battle. The other 1% is to cross it.
Passion is a bridge from possibility to probability.
Reality was a bridge breaking beneath Adam
He stares at me—taking me in—with his lips slightly parted. I struggle to hold myself in place as we gawk at each other. I want so desperately to run, but something is holding me back, keeping me in place.
Life can be generous, but leaves us with a trilemma: How can we reconcile three diverse features: ‘I’, 'me' and the 'others'. Since the “I” entails what I want; the “me” what others expect of me and the “others” what others themselves want. The bridges between "individuality", “surroundings” and "otherness" can be abysmal and very often waiting to be restored. (“I am on my own side, but I can listen “ )
One of his hands move away from my face to flatten against my back, pulling me closer to him as he deepens the kiss. He parts my lips under his as my mind seems to sign quietly in content. I kiss him back as fiercely as he kisses me, unable to control the infatuation that rushes through me - feeling almost like fireworks. Not so careful anymore.Little shivers of urgency shoot through me. I push off the window, pressing closer to him. The rush of sensation that is coursing through me feels like I've drunk a gallon of coffee. It feels like an electric buzz is flooding between us.
As the sun sinksIt casts that silver bridgeAcross the lake
A refugee is someone who survived and who can create the future.
I'm being pulled under - father and farther from the surface. My lungs continue to scream for air. Panic is building inside me, threatening to combust. I can't break free.Help! I can't break free!I open my mouth to scream.
No bridge has ever taken sides.
He drinks his coffee tentatively, glancing at me every few seconds, watching me. Every time he glances in my direction, I quickly turn away though he obviously knows I'm watching him. I know he's wondering why I'm staring at him, but he doesn't ask.I finally take a sip of coffee, set the mug back on the table, and voice what's on my mind, "I want to draw you.
If watching a bridge is much more exciting than crossing that bridge, then you can be sure that it is a very beautiful bridge!
How strange is it that our beloved finds its way to us in everything? The orange moon, a freckle, the smell of coffee—are all bridges to the one we desire. How does our beloved find us in this way? Or are we the ones instead who find our beloved in everything? Our intense want of them necessitates the nearness of them. And so we seek beauty only to be flooded with the beauty of our beloved. And we write ellipses on the page only to be thrice reminded of the freckle below their lips...
The longest bridge is the one where you don’t know which side to turn your face for the exit!
Communication is not a two way street. It is a bridge. Either you have one or you build one. It's about connecting, not correcting.
Night has settled over Paris.The streets have cleared of the crowds, and the city has been lit up. I set my book down, deciding to go for a walk. The Eiffel Tower is only a few blocks away. Now that there aren't many people out, I can walk there without having to fight my way through mobs of gawking tourists.
How to uplift others. It’s not a pie, it’s a cake. It’s not a ladder, it’s a bridge.
A vision is such a bridge that connects with physical reality and spiritual insight.
If you do not build bridges, precipices become your fate!
Death was right on time. He staggered backward on legs of ether. He could see it – a dark shadowy shape. His stomach turned with terror. What remained of the bridge lighting seemed to be fading away. It was there – not the frightful illusions the others had seen – but the thing itself, unmasking itself to its last victim. Somehow the reality was much more frightening. It advanced on him, the rhythmic click of Death. If he were to start screaming now, he knew he would go irretrievably mad. Instinct had left him cold, frozen.
There is only one way to bridge the perceived gap between a person and his or her greatest dreams, and that is to begin.
Your grandmother thought--no, she believed, it was like a faith for her. She believed it the way some people believe in God or science. She believed that it was the rules that made her life so easy. She thought life was about the rules people make for it, as if life was some kind of a board game and if you had a little luck, and you kept to the rules, you'd end up winning. Or maybe she thought it was like a game of solitaire and once the cards had been shuffled and laid out, if you had a good draw you were safe, as if it was arranged for you to win. Or to lose, although Grandmother considered herself someone who had won, since all she had to do once she was born was follow the rules. But really, life's like a game of bridge: You're dealt a hand and it can be a winning hand or a losing one, but that doesn't necessarily mean that you'll win or lose because there are other people at the table, your partner for one, and the other ream for another, that's three people...playing too, and people make mistakes, multiply that times three too, or you can just be smarter than they are. And luckier too, because anybody who sits down to play bridge or life without figuring out how much luck is involved is making a Big Mistake. I don't want you girls doing that.
Belief acts as a temporary bridge when we are trying to accept something that seems incomprehensible. We use belief and simply accept the workings we cannot understand until the time comes when at last we comprehend.
Captain Flane to the bridge!” A voice called over the intercom at his bedside. Flane stirred, pondering the degree of necessity that might motivate him to do more.
We’ll start with an easy one, shall we? What is the secant of three pi?” The troll asked. “Pie?” Toru felt suddenly hungry. “What are you talking about, man, have you gone senile? A sea camp? You mean like the floating city?
The person we fell in love with and the person we continue to love because we fell in love with them and that little painful bridge we stand on, watching them become those two different people.
Leave something for someone but dont leave someone for something.
When I was your age I knew nothing about the world or my place in it. I figured I'd be someone's wife, then someone's mother. It never occurred to me to be someone myself.
I realized how truly hard it was, really, to see someone you love change right before your eyes. Not only is it scary, it throws your balance off as well.
If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life? It is other life; it is love, which gives your life meaning. This is harmony. We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth.
You've got to have someone who loves your body. Who doesn't define you, but sees you. Who loves what he sees. Who you don't have to struggle to be good enough for.
There's always someone who cares. Someone whose life would simply stop. You just don't know it yet, or you haven't found them yet.
Yes I'm seeking for someone, to help me. So that some day I will be the someone to help some other one.
Sometimes I wonder if we ever truly let anyone completely in. The desire for another human being to know you, all of you, all the pieces, even the ones you’re ashamed of — is huge. But too often, we sit down and sort through the pieces only picking out the pretty ones, leaving the ugly ones behind, not realizing that choosing not to share with someone else is like committing a crime against our very soul
كل إنسان في حاجة إلى أن يؤمن بشيء ، تصديق خدعة برغبتنا هو نوع آخر من الايمان
قد يعيش الإنسان في بلد منذ الخروج من الرحم وحتى الولوج في اللحد ، ولكنه يبقى عابرًا في زمان عابر
It wasn't the sort of kiss I'd had with him before, hungry, wanting, desperate. It wasn't the sort of kiss I'd had with anyone before. This kiss was so soft that it was like a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it was like someone running his fingers along them.
Your value does not decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
أن الشخص لا يستطيع أن يعيش بالخبز وحده
الحب يعني أن تهتم بسعادة شخص آخر أكثر من اهتمامك بسعادتك أنت ، بغض النظر عن مدى الألم الذي سيسببه لك قرارك
You are the someone in my life whom I will miss always!
It would be so nice to be wanted by someone with the courage to get his hat or stay as he damn pleased, and who gave her credit for the same. Someone who didn't worry about her.
للخلاف شكل مؤذٍ لصورة الإنسان المتسامح
If you want to cheer someone up, tell them the parable of the decision: never give up the whole bread loaf, because they will eat it far too quickly. If you give them the whole loaf at one, the board will return in sorrow for the inactive decision; if you give them the ingredients for it you will have an entire bakery in return.
And you're Cameron Wolfe. That' gotta start meaning somethin' boy. That's gotta start churnin' inside us, making us wanna be someone for those names, and not just another couple of guys who amounted to nothin' but what people said we would. No way. We're getting' out of that. We have to. We're gonna crawl and moan and fight and bite and bark at anything that gets in our way or tries to hunt us down and shoot us. All right?
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don’t belong with...
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.
Every once in a while you meet someone whom you think is the answer. Till that person becomes a question.
If you ask someone for something, it means that you do not have it all. If you pray, there is a great assurance that you have everything.
Don't find reasons to stay with someone who always finds reasons to leave.
Do you ever start missing someone but then you think of everything they've done to you and you're like naaahhh nevermind.
Even at your best, someone will always have something negative to say... Pursue greatness anyways!
There's a fine line difference between someone being curious and someone being concerned about you.The former is what society does, latter, your parents.
There should be a limit to how much you can miss someone, causing your insides to burst off the seams, so inexplicably.A limit to how much you crave their touch, the brush of their lips, the sight of that smile when they see you. For getting up every morning without it, is a chore.
Be with someone who has a good sense of humor so that the two of you can sit down and laugh together at the joke that your lives are.
Admiration is the feeling you get when you find that someone is superior to you, or someone is better than you in certain ways.
Respect and compassion aren’t about how you feel for someone, they are more about how you make others feel.
Penny believed with her whole heart that there were moments - crucial instances - that defined who someone was going to be. There were clues or signs, and you didn't want to miss them.
When someone excites and draws your attention toward affection feelings, in the result, you respond, but get no reply, means there was neither seriousness nor ethical manner, and wisdom. In this situation, it will be quietly legitimate to get rid of that person.
No reason can be a good reason to hurt someone.
When someone asks me who I am, I say, "And who are you?
When you're in love with someone, you want to talk about every single thing in existence with them- while simultaneously saying nothing and just enjoying their presence.
Allow someone to love you, be that someone.
when someone else shows or tries to show an overly positive image of himself or herself to them, people generally tend to dissociate. They start thinking of the other person as someone different, someone they don’t actually know and can never completely trust.
Fake news will forever hold the truth for someone.
If someone or something is not affecting our lives positively, the best way to deal with it is to grow apart from it.
Sometimes we write poems about someone we never kissed. But in our dreams we did.
How we need that security. How we need another soul to cling to, another body to keep us warm. To rest and trust; to give your soul in confidence: I need this. I need someone to pour myself into. -Sylvia Plath
It's when you wake up in the morning next to someone whose name that you can't remember, that you went to bed with a stranger.
GOOD MORNING!Did someone order a bright and sunny day?Well...here it is.Happy Tuesday!
If someone does not want to love you then no amount of acting or feeling heartbreak, sadness, hurt, pain is going to change that for them. Accept it and move on to someone else.
Don’t force yourself to be important in someone else’s life, if you have to beg or not be yourself to be important to someone, that already tells you where you stand in their life.
Be the person that asks how someone is doing and cares about the answer.
A myth that we desperately want to believe in is that someone can complete our incompleteness. Nobody can complete us. We are complete in ourselves.
Someone is writing about you, and you are madly running behind someone who ignores you.
Talking to someone... is easy... lower your voice... speak loudly...
The reason which cause to hate someone will never be a valid reason, so think twice and thrice on that reason before you start hating anyone.
When you bestow kindness upon someone or something you do not know what good or bad will happen to you or to someone else later through the kindness you bestowed.
To my thinking, when someone gave out their compliments and good opinions rarely, they meant more.
Healing can change her into someone who doesn't love you anymore.
Many times we understand someone when we move on from them and look for someone else.
To want someone you can't have and then watch it turn you into something you aren't. That!
My pet chicken refuses to go to KFC just in case he sees someone that he knows.
Today’s generation keeps themselves busy on social media just to avoid thinking of someone.
We all have a crush on someone.
Rise of Science DenialismThe problem is, in a world where some people (even in the USA, where someone like Donald Trump was allowed to rise to the level of a serious presidential candidate in 2016) have descended to such levels of ignorance that science itself is dismissed by leaders, political and religious as ‘an agenda’, and frightening numbers of people cling to ignorance and superstition because it suits their conservative anti-human rights views and objectives.
Everyone deserves someone who can make them forget their heart was ever broken.
Nothing will ever be done until someone begins to do something.
Be my someone that nobody could be.
There will always be someone better looking; better off; smarter; richer; thinner; taller; shorter; have more friends than you; a better car and a better house.You might not have what they have, but when you look in the mirror, that's you!And that's something that they don't have and will never have!
Never Beg SOMEONE to be in your life, You just have to believe that, You're worth more than you think
He may be a nobody to you, but he's a somebody to someone else!
When I see a rainbow, I know that someone, somewhere loves me.
The reality of life is that we are all living someone else's dream. Now that's everyone's fantasy.
In some cases, you can tell how somebody is being treated by their own boss from the way they are treating someone to whom they are a boss.
An attachment with someone is a thing that bonds you with the greatest feelings of this world.
Go to bed! Someone is anxious to come into your dream.
Chances are that if you stand alone, eventually, someone will notice you.
How can I be myself, when others expect me to be someone else?
Everybody is on the run. Either from something or someone.
Live who you are or die someone else.
Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God replied."Do we look like man or does he look like us?" Jesus asked."Man made god in his image," God said."Why?" Jesus asked."Because it's easier to believe in someone and something if it looks like you or is a symbolic representation of you," God answered."If that's true. What do we look like then?" Jesus asked.God smiled, "We look like everything."Jesus laughed, "Could I look like a giraffe then?""Yes, if the giraffe believes in you," God laughed.Jesus smiled and had tears of joy in his eyes.
Sometimes I just pretend to be someone else, but I usually get bored. I have a lot more fun just being me.
If you don't follow your dreams, someone else, somewhere will follow theirs. Don't get left behind.
A tiny bit of brilliance rubs off on you every time you interact with someone brilliant.
We go from one war to another; we go from one terrorist group to another and we go from one calamity to another, but there is a pattern there if you know where to look.It's amazing how when one war is about to end, another miraculously pops its head up.Coincidence? Hmmm...I'm highly skeptical.However, a lot of money seems to go into these 'wars' and there always seems to be little change left at the end of it.Like I said in my other quote..."War! Someone's making a hell of a lot of money!
Your assignment is a pre-cursor to someone else’s assignment. In the same breath, someone else’s assignment is a pre-cursor to yours.
Mtu akikupa pesa kwa ajili ya kufanyia kitu kibaya chukua. Kisha ipeleke polisi, ambapo utatoa taarifa zake pia.
A secondary source doesn't mean someone's leftover ketchup.
Tunapaswa kuyafikiria madhaifu yetu na dhambi zetu kwa makini sana, kwa kiasi cha kuyashinda madhaifu hayo na dhambi hizo, kabla hatujatoa maamuzi makali dhidi ya wenzetu. Tunawezaje kumlaumu mtu wakati hata sisi wenyewe tunaweza kuwa na matatizo makubwa? Tusiwe wanafiki. Badala ya kulaumu, saidia.
All too often it's easier to be someone else than just being yourself.
It did occur to him that perhaps he’d gone to the wrong Academy – the guys in the Space Fleet always had more interesting stories to tell at the spaceport bars. You know, tales about the dude who got vaporized in a plasma accident in the engineering section, or the fella who got turned into a blob of weird space jelly by some alien virus – or the time someone flew a starship into an astor-field at warp four by mistake (they were still trying to find the black box on that one). The Imperial Space Fleet’s recruiting office sure didn’t go around advertising ‘Join up, see the universe, meet interesting aliens and die screaming’, but it was known there were risks involved. It was part of the job after all, and yet somehow, they still got recruits signing up in droves. Yes, indeedy – the stories were far more interesting than his – took a load of ore to Gorda, took a load of mining equipment back to Tordrazil. Took a load of Florpavian Flame-birds to a zoo on Deanna, took a load of machinery to Salus. Picked up and dropped off a few passengers on the way. Still, Florpavian Flame-birds were a risky cargo… and damned tricky to transport – which is probably the only reason he’d had any entertainment at all on the last trip.
He built a fort around, making it impossible for anyone to go near him. And he sat near the window watching her dance in the rain, with someone else.
We go from one war to another; we go from one terrorist group to another and we go from one calamity to another, but there is a pattern there if you know where to look.It's amazing how one when one war is about to end, another miraculously pops its head up.Coincidence? Hmmm...I'm highly skeptical.However, a lot of money seems to go into these 'wars' and there always seems to be little change left at the end of it.Like I said in my other quote..."War! Someone's making a hell of a lot of money!
Being needed is a great thing. Maybe the great thing.
Remember! When you promise someone the moon; it's not yours in the first place.
You know how it goes:at some point in your life, you fell in love with someone and had a glimpse of God.Then you abandoned life and loverand started celebratingyour love for God.
Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.
Instead of letting others the power to decide our failures or our success, every decision that we take will impact the life of someone, let's be responsible of our lives.
You often love someone not for what they are, but for what you are when you are with them.
You don't need an ego when you love someone. You just need a heart.
The best compliment someone can give me is stealing my idea and making it their own.
When you are a child at home alone, you’re afraid someone might come; when you are old and at home alone, you’re afraid no one will come.
We start a relationship with someone not only because of how great they are but how great they make us feel. And because they have granted us this extraordinary gift—a chance to experience love, joy, compassion, and security —it is our exclusive privilege to make them feel wonderful about themselves, especially during days when they, themselves, don't feel so wonderful.
Everyone is a somebody to someone.
We often try to see the reflections of the people who left us in the people who come to stay with us and in the course of doing so, we often try to change them to someone who they are not and we often end up turning them into the pieces of same shattered mirror that used to hurt us before they came.
Make sure you date someone who always makes you want to dance, with or without music.
Failure to put the relationship on a slower timetable may result in an act that was never intended in the first place. Another important principle is to avoid the circumstances where compromise is likely. A girl who wants to preserve her virginity should not find herself in a house or dorm room alone with someone to whom she is attracted. Nor should she single-date with someone she has reason not to trust. A guy who wants to be moral should stay away from the girl he knows would go to bed with him. Remember the words of Solomon to his son, “Keep to a path far from her, do not go near the door of her house” (Proverbs 5:8). I know this advice sounds very narrow in a day when virginity is mocked and chastity is considered old-fashioned. But I don’t apologize for it. The Scriptures are eternal, and God’s standards of right and wrong do not change with the whims of culture. He will honor and help those who are trying to follow His commandments. In fact, the apostle Paul said, “He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear” (1Corinthians 10:13). Hold that promise and continue to use your head. You’ll be glad you did.
I need someone who knows to enjoy life. Someone who'll get high with me at the Pere - Lechaise cemetery. Someone who'll lose their breath running trough the Louvre. Someone who'll go to coffee with a good book ( Fyodor Dostoyevsky, L. Tolstoy, Voltaire, A. Camus, Oscar Wilde, Gustave Flaubert ). During the weekends to the cafe de Flore, and after that lunch at Ritz. Someone who'll get lost in Paris in the middle of the night. Someone who'll lay beside Seine, drink wine and listen to Florence and Machine, Banks, Borns, Hurts, Bjork, Tom Odelle... Someone who can sit in front of S.Dali's paintings for hours and not talk. Someone who wants to live. Someone who wants to travel and see the world. Someone who'll look at the stars for hours, talk about life, someone who is not afraid of death.
When I read something by someone... I like to dive in his world as much as possible.
26. Don’t marry someone with intolerable characteristics in the hopes of changing him or her. If you can’t live with someone who drinks or someone who isn’t a Christian or someone who isn’t clean, then don’t marry that kind of person. The chances for miraculous improvements or changes in behavior are slim. What you see is what you get!
If you are in Christ, then you have the heavenly position of His authority and operate on this earth in His name as someone who is from above
For Sabina, living in truth, lying neither to ourselves nor to others, was possible only away from the public: the moment someone keeps an eye on what we do, we involuntarily make allowances for that eye, and nothing we do is truthful. Having a public, keeping a public in mind, means living in lies.
But when they made love he was offended by her eyes. They behaved as though they belonged to someone else. Someone watching. Looking out of the window at the sea. At a boat in the river. Or a passerby in the mist in a hat.He was exasperated because he didn't know what that look meant. He put it somewhere between indifference and despair. He didn’t know that in some places, like the country that Rahel came from, various kinds of despair competed for primacy. And that personal despair could never be desperate enough. That something happened when personal turmoil dropped by at the wayside shrine of the vast, violent, circling, driving, ridiculous, insane, unfeasible, public turmoil of a nation. That Big God howled like a hot wind, and demanded obeisance. Then Small God (cozy and contained, private and limited) came away cauterized, laughing numbly at his own temerity. Inured by the confirmation of his own inconsequence, he became resilient and truly indifferent. Nothing mattered much. Nothing much mattered. And the less it mattered, the less it mattered. It was never important enough. Because Worse Things had happened. In the country that she came from, poised forever between the terror of war and the horror of peace, Worse Things kept happening.So Small God laughed a hollow laugh, and skipped away cheerfully. Like a rich boy in shorts. He whistled, kicked stones. The source of his brittle elation was the relative smallness of his misfortune. He climbed into people’s eyes and became an exasperating expression.
The public wants work which flatters its illusions.
The exaggerated dopamine sensitivity of the introvert leads one to believe that when in public, introverts, regardless of its validity, often feel to be the center of (unwanted) attention hence rarely craving attention. Extroverts, on the other hand, seem to never get enough attention. So on the flip side it seems as though the introvert is in a sense very external and the extrovert is in a sense very internal - the introvert constantly feels too much 'outerness' while the extrovert doesn't feel enough 'outerness'.
I am not poor, I am not rich; nihil est, nihil deest, I have little, I want nothing: all my treasure is in Minerva’s tower...I live still a collegiate student...and lead a monastic life, ipse mihi theatrum [sufficient entertainment to myself], sequestered from those tumults and troubles of the world...aulae vanitatem, fori ambitionem, ridere mecum soleo [I laugh to myself at the vanities of the court, the intrigues of public life], I laugh at all.
Here one comes upon an all-important English trait: the respect for constituitionalism and legality, the belief in 'the law' as something above the state and above the individual, something which is cruel and stupid, of course, but at any rate incorruptible.It is not that anyone imagines the law to be just. Everyone knows that there is one law for the rich and another for the poor. But no one accepts the implications of this, everyone takes for granted that the law, such as it is, will be respected, and feels a sense of outrage when it is not. Remarks like 'They can't run me in; I haven't done anything wrong', or 'They can't do that; it's against the law', are part of the atmosphere of England. The professed enemies of society have this feeling as strongly as anyone else. One sees it in prison-books like Wilfred Macartney's Walls Have Mouths or Jim Phelan's Jail Journey, in the solemn idiocies that take places at the trials of conscientious objectors, in letters to the papers from eminent Marxist professors, pointing out that this or that is a 'miscarriage of British justice'. Everyone believes in his heart that the law can be, ought to be, and, on the whole, will be impartially administered. The totalitarian idea that there is no such thing as law, there is only power, has never taken root. Even the intelligentsia have only accepted it in theory.An illusion can become a half-truth, a mask can alter the expression of a face. The familiar arguments to the effect that democracy is 'just the same as' or 'just as bad as' totalitarianism never take account of this fact. All such arguments boil down to saying that half a loaf is the same as no bread. In England such concepts as justice, liberty and objective truth are still believed in. They may be illusions, but they are powerful illusions. The belief in them influences conduct,national life is different because of them. In proof of which, look about you. Where are the rubber truncheons, where is the caster oil? The sword is still in the scabbard, and while it stays corruption cannot go beyond a certain point. The English electoral system, for instance, is an all but open fraud. In a dozen obvious ways it is gerrymandered in the interest of the moneyed class. But until some deep change has occurred in the public mind, it cannot become completely corrupt. You do not arrive at the polling booth to find men with revolvers telling you which way to vote, nor are the votes miscounted, nor is there any direct bribery. Even hypocrisy is powerful safeguard. The hanging judge, that evil old man in scarlet robe and horse-hair wig,whom nothing short of dynamite will ever teach what century he is living in, but who will at any rate interpret the law according to the books and will in no circumstances take a money bribe,is one of the symbolic figures of England. He is a symbol of the strange mixture of reality and illusion, democracy and privilege, humbug and decency, the subtle network of compromises, by which the nation keeps itself in its familiar shape.
Tie me up, please..." Chantal said. They looked above at some vines and roots hanging down from the grassy area above the depression in the canal they were standing in. She was in his hands—he had to comply.A little bit of kink was one of the most delicious of erotic pleasures. Catholic school girls were often the horniest—Brett could hardly contain his elation.
To me, the conclusion that the public has the ultimate responsibility for the behavior of even the biggest businesses is empowering and hopeful, rather than disappointing. My conclusion is not a moralistic one about who is right or wrong, admirable or selfish, a good guy or a bad guy. My conclusion is instead a prediction, based on what I have seen happening in the past. Businesses have changed when the public came to expect and require different behavior, to reward businesses for behavior that the public wanted, and to make things difficult for businesses practicing behaviors that the public didn't want. I predict that in the future, just as in the past, changes in public attitudes will be essential for changes in businesses' environmental practices.
Who you are in public is a test of your conviction; who you are in private, integrity.
Our freedoms are vanishing. If you do not get active to take a stand now against all that is wrong while we still can, then maybe one of your children may elect to do so in the future, when it will be far more riskier — and much, much harder.
The public make use of the classics of a country as a means of checking the progress of Art. They degrade the classics into authorities.... A fresh mode of Beauty is absolutely distasteful to them, and whenever it appears they get so angry and bewildered that they always use two stupid expressions--one is that the work of art is grossly unintelligible; the other, that the work of art is grossly immoral. What they mean by these words seems to me to be this. When they say a work is grossly unintelligible, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is new; when they describe a work as grossly immoral, they mean that the artist has said or made a beautiful thing that is true.
The public, which has been wrong before and is wrong now, can accept only demons and angels on the stage
This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power. (Žižek, S. "Good Manners in the Age of WikiLeaks." London Review of Books 33.2 (2011): 9-10. )
Now you see, Dr. Stadler, you're speaking as if this book were addressing to a thinking audience. If it were, one would have to be concerned with such matters as accuracy, validity, logic and the prestige of science. But it isn't. It's addressed to the public. 
How to please the public - that's the test,But nowadays I find I'm in a fix;I know they're not accustomed to the best,But they've all read so much they know the tricks.How can we give then something fresh and newThat's serious, but entertaining too?
What pleases the public is lively and vivid delineation which makes no demands on the intellect; but passionate and absolutist youth can only be enthralled by a problem.
[On the practical applications of particle physics research with the Large Hadron Collider.]Sometimes the public says, 'What's in it for Numero Uno? Am I going to get better television reception? Am I going to get better Internet reception?' Well, in some sense, yeah. ... All the wonders of quantum physics were learned basically from looking at atom-smasher technology. ... But let me let you in on a secret: We physicists are not driven to do this because of better color television. ... That's a spin-off. We do this because we want to understand our role and our place in the universe.
The ordinary public is a puppet of worthless news and media.
The drama of the essay is the way the public life intersects with my personal and private life. It's in that intersection that I find the energy of the essay.
Property taxes' rank right up there with 'income taxes' in terms of immorality and destructiveness. Where 'income taxes' are simply slavery using different words, 'property taxes' are just a Mafia turf racket using different words. For the former, if you earn a living on the gang's turf, they extort you. For the latter, if you own property in their territory, they extort you. The fact that most people still imagine both to be legitimate and acceptable shows just how powerful authoritarian indoctrination is. Meanwhile, even a brief objective examination of the concepts should make anyone see the lunacy of it. 'Wait, so every time I produce anything or trade with anyone, I have to give a cut to the local crime lord??' 'Wait, so I have to keep paying every year, for the privilege of keeping the property I already finished paying for??' And not only do most people not make such obvious observations, but if they hear someone else pointing out such things, the well-trained Stockholm Syndrome slaves usually make arguments condoning their own victimization. Thus is the power of the mind control that comes from repeated exposure to BS political mythology and propaganda.
Language is the apparel in which your thoughts parade before the public. 
Political stress is always apt to shrink the private arena and attach it on to the public
The trail of lime trees outside our building is still a public loo. …where else are they supposed to go to the toilet in a city where public toilets are about as common as UFO sightings?” (pp.281-82)
The pity is that the public will demand and find a moral in my book, or worse they may take it in some serious way, and on the honour of a gentleman, there is not one single serious word in it.
Funny how nobody talks on the tubes, isn't it? I rarely catch the tube myself, or lifts. Confined spaces, everybody shuts down. Why is that? Perhaps we think everybody on the tube is a potential psychopath or a drunk,so we close down and pretend to read a book or something.
Public is a good expert on making bad mistakes!
The World Bank, anxious that the last vestiges of Zimbabwe's former inclination toward socialism be abandoned, successfully urged the imposition of a token tuition charge for all grade levels. Equivalent to one U. S. dollar per year per child, this fee constitutes a burden to the poorest families, who have responded by sending only boys to classes. Too many of the girls . . . have resorted to prostitution in order to eat.
In terms of technological progress,the public is slower than focus group.
Isn't the greatest freedom in the world the freedom to be wrong? What hooks me on our story is our different readings of it. You think it's personal and private; my neurosis... I think our story is performative philosophy.
Deregulation: It is what greedy corporate business people do. Afterwards people start getting injured and killed in large numbers and then the reality of deregulation emerges to the general public.
You have to be careful about damaging workers health because those damaged workers may publicly research your toxic workplace to discover what made them sick.
Wearing a mask can thus be a strange thing: sometimes, more often than we tend to believe, there is more truth in the mask that in what we assume to be our "real self.
One example of a solid but inexplicable fact, ruling all human affairs - your fireworks won't go off while the crowd is around.
The police have turned into a health and safety issue for the general public.
Law enforcement are the public face of corrupt corporate governments.
Sức hấp dẫn của mạng xã hội tới từ chỗ nó cho người ta một không gian để trình diễn.
Stars are made for public light shows, consider how the night sky sheers out cosmic cheers at their glow!
Law enforcement responding with silence regarding crimes reported by the public is a form of mistreatment.
Come up here. Tell us your story.
Internal Affairs seems to be making complaints from the general public about law enforcement officers completely disappear from their records.
The police seem to be learning the hard way that the more abusive they are to people, the less people will cooperate with them.
Law enforcement ignoring crimes reported to them by the public is an illegal activity that they routinely engage in.
What the public wants is a little intellectual 'kick', and nothing else has quite the kick of mathematics.
Few people realize that the primary purpose of the police is to protect the corporate interests and that protecting the general public is a much lower assignment.
Maybe to save money, many people do not paint the outer walls of the private and public buildings. The city will appear clean and fine-looking if the exterior of all the houses are painted. So, regularly paint your houses and make your city and country beautiful!
Personal and private and public and professional lives are blended.Separating them is what makes a fraud, hypocrite, alter ego.
Politicians are in the process of committing species extinction in honor of their corporate sponsors and the general public are along for the sickening ride.
I urge the general public to be wary of the police on the grounds of health and safety.
Vous valez pour moi tout un public, car il y a un monde en vous.
A "knowing" public is a consenting public. We know what is really going on. Time to do something about it.
My secret is public knowledge, and the public's knowledge is my secret.
There are a huge number of people that should be in jail for willfully damaging damaging public health, but instead they are employed on high salaries in fraudulent corporate government regulator departments.
When you see a believer chanting the name of a politician more than they have ever publicly identified with Christ. You know we have a generation that is confused and deserve nothing but pity.
This is not a "guilty pleasure" of mine, simply because I don't believe in "guilty" pleasures. Snobbery is just the public face of insecurity.
Whatever you are in private matters less than what you are in public, though to have mastery over both arenas is preferable.
The police need to stop blatantly lying to the public.
Weather Report: 3 murders allowed, if someone stands too close to you in public gatherings.
I'm seeking to avengeTo take revengeBy a book for exposureMade public by disclosure.
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.Cyril ConnollyEven though I write for myself; however, I live and breathe, within the public; therefore, escape from it, may fail since as I'm also a part of that.Ehsan Sehgal
The real love only can be found in the hearts of simple people, the people who play zig-zag in love affairs claiming and pretending affection in the way of only writings to everyone, they can hardly be fair, trusted and faithful. True love does not have hidden ways, lover speaks straight and in a direct, blunt manner, in the face of the entire public.
We would not be ashamed of doing some of the things we do in private, if the number of sane human beings who do them in public were large enough.
The biggest mistake that you will make in life is believing that governments act in the public interest.
Respect means: even in your absence people speak good of your person
In the era of angry and aggressive policing, it is an honorable service to your fellow citizens to video record police officers interactions with the common people.
Man may feel like a feeble and powerless pawn, at some moment in his life. This apprehension can come out of the blue, in the middle of the day, at the center of a public place, like a cerebral attack. Check mated by 'daily routine', he may feel trapped in a smothering set of circumstances and only a deconstruction of all impeding barriers can bring about a vital mental deliverance. ( "Check and mate" )
Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.
Most USA citizens never realize that the systems of public protection are essentially useless until they try to use them. At that point they learn the hard way that government agencies like OSHA, FCC, FDA, police internal affairs, disability, and the like do not work for them.
Do not Speak for Anyone.Just let them know their Right to Speak.
To make your Opinion Count,you have to do something morethan just making Money.
I believe you can only be lucky if you start out beingvery good
The police have lost sight of the fact that they are public servants.
Pro-government press is not a press it is just a lie-generating ugly machine; it is a guard dog, guarding only the official thieves, not the public!
If it's public, it's not bonding.
The organized domestic terrorism of the general public is why many people regard the police as corrupt.
•	Scientific and medical studies, research or evidence is either distorted and misrepresented, or disputed or outright ignored by opponents whose views are threatened by the facts, in public shows of articles, statements, websites and even legislation. Scientific facts are ignored or dismissed as being ‘a liberal agenda’ or ‘merely propaganda’.
Even when you are lazy and don't have the effort to learn something sit somewhere in public and try to observe the stupid people around you, that would be more than enough learning for the day.
The simple truth of the matter is that people who complain about a peaceful parade which lasts at best one hour in a particular place - ONCE in a whole year - do so out of hatred and intolerance. it isn't just the parade, it is seeing gay and trans people in public - and gay and trans people BEING gay and trans in public. And that is the root of the problem - they HATE gay and trans people.
The general public of the wireless western nations are very tolerant to the radiation poisoning of the next generation of children by their corporate controlled governments.
Private prayers are the catalyst for public miracles.
Bộ mặt công cộng của các ngôi sao không thuộc về họ, mà được cấu thành với sự tham gia của công chúng.
Don't let public opinions pinion you
To be scorned in the public because of your race is to let you know the degree of darkness in that particular society
You may be scorned in the public because of your race it is a function that there is an assignment for you there
The general public has failed to realize that the USA government has built a High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) in most cities with the mass deployment of smart radio frequency transmitting utility meters.
[L]ike poems, cruising carves privacy out of public spaces. Poems are a kind of private communication that occurs in public speech. And I think cruising is that too: a training in reading occult codes; a way of seeing a significance in the world that most people don’t see.
People that have a police car behind them pulling them over should put on their hazard lights and continue slowly driving to the nearest densely populated public place, such as a supermarket or shopping center. Pull over outside the busy entrance and start your video camera. Inform the police officer that you are video recording and very slowly give the requested documentation. Exercise your legal right to silence while the many independent witnesses video record the unexpected stop that rudely interrupts your day. If you are given a ticket, choose to go to court. It will give you time to obtain independent legal advice about the allegation.
Among peoples of such mixed natures, such diverse histories and philosophies, and different ways of life, most administrative problems are problems of a choice of whims, of changing and conflicting goals; not how to do what the people want done, but what they want done, and whether their next generation will want it enough to make work on it, now, worthwhile.''They sound insane,' Trobt said. 'Are your administrators supposed to serve the flickering goals of demented minds?''We must weigh values. What is considered good may be a matter of viewpoint, and may change from place to place, from generation to generation. In determining what people feel and what their unvoiced wants are, a talent of strategy, and an impatience with the illogic of others, are not qualifications.
The biggest enemy of western people is not war or terrorism, it is their own governments lack of regulation of public health and safety.
State first, subject second, statesman last.
The Society of Professional Journalists believes that "public enlightenment is the forerunner of justice and the foundation of democracy." If that is so, can justice or democracy be secure in a media world where public enlightenment has been supplanted by the superficial?
He's Gandalf on crack and an IV of Red Bull, with a big leather coat and a .44 revolver in his pocket.
Slowly, with many lost days, I come back to life.
Black is the absence of all color. White is the presence of all colors. I suppose life must be one or the other. On the whole, though, I think I would prefer color to its absence. But then black does add depth and texture to color. Perhaps certain shades of gray are necessary to a complete palette. Even unrelieved black. Ah, a deep philosophical question. Is black necessary to life, even a happy life? Could we ever be happy if we did not at least occasionally experience misery?
Okay, let's see if I got this straight. The butt is the new breast, and the lower back is the new ankle. Now if only we could figure out where the brain has moved.
Don’t come back when you realize that I’m rare
Sometimes you learn, grow and give far more when your back's against the wall.
This was just no fun. I wanted my brain back.
Usiangalie nyuma kujutia vitu ulivyovifanya, angalia nyuma kujifunza kutokana na makosa uliyofanya.
When your back is against the wall, you will find it is a good place to push off.
He looked into her eyes and said "When everything falls apart, and the day my soul refuses to move any further, I'll come back home. A home that fills me with courage and love. My home neither has doors and nor windows, All it have is walls. The walls that beat every second. And it has a pair of eyes too. Through which I can see this world more beautifully than I ever did".
May be you are gone,but that doesn’t make me come back
Let your ambitions fly, let nothing hold you back.
If you give your best to someone it will most definitely come back to you, often from a different person altogether.
Timaset didn’t need a ship – especially not a flying museum piece! And as far as he knew, a dodgy plasma injector could drop you smack into a wormhole ending somewhere on the other side of the universe with no way back. Well, he could always sell the damn thing. Couldn’t he? He could use the money. Damn, he could always use the money! Maybe the crew would want to buy it over from him?
Villainessa Tittel was a hired killer, an assassin by trade. She had enjoyed the best education and had been trained by assassins who had (until then at least) been considered the best in the business. She had turned to ‘cleaning’ as an occupation because she really enjoyed endings more than beginnings – and anyway, she didn’t need to know her mark’s entire pedigree or life’s story, or to have some kind of facetious moral justification just to collect her fee. Unsurprisingly, when she did read – on those rare occasions – her books were always dog-eared from the back.
News Flash!All politicians arms are going to be lengthened so that they will be able to pat themselves on the back for doing a great job.
Joe!” he groaned, attempting to speak clearly. “Joe! Good ol’ Joe!”“Captain, you’re drunk!” Lofflin said, stating the obvious while trying to keep his voice level. Blaine grinned at him lopsidedly and giggled, almost choking. He slapped the table, knocking his empty glass over.“Ye-ss, I am! Don’t ssup-pose you – think I co-uld ssit here an’ calmly wait t’die – dýou? Weee-ll, not ssob-er anyway. Ha ha ha.”Disgust and hopelessness were swelling inside him. He felt like punching that drunken face till it was either sober or unconscious.“Damn it, Captain! We need you – the crew needs you! You’re turning your back on them – in our most desperate time!
Security just doesn't start at the front door, and end at the back door.
The idea of Milly drowning in the riverside made Twiss think of an angel falling from the sky; Milly had two pink birthmarks the size of dimes on her back, which always made Twiss think of wings.
God’s plan is to get back the earth that has been given over to Satan by man
We must stand so firmly for the truth so that we do not back down because every movement away from righteousness and God’s truth is similar to death
My hands aren't yours to reach and grab.My feet aren't yours to walk.My back's not yours to ride and stab.My tongue's not yours to talk.
There are two kinds of people in this world: ones that stab you in the chest, and ones that stab you in the back.
We fall in love with unrequited things. like maybe the universe will love us back, but she has too many other galaxies burning in her hands.
Unapokwenda mbali na Mungu, ili umrudie lazima urudi nyuma.
Sometimes, life will take you to the edge, but love of life will bring you back again.
What you say about someone behind their back, says a lot about your backbone.
A stunning lady was standing right behind me at the ATM so I took out 10000 instead of 100,Then went straight to the bank to put it back in.
The little boy inside me gave my power away out of fear of being abandoned,The wise man inside me took it back and walked beside him...
Learn from your Past but don't live your Past, Past can't turn back! Present is an evidence that God is not a lie; enjoy it and move forward into your future. God cares!
It's an odd thing, but anyone who disappears is said to be seen in San Francisco.It must be a delightful city and possess all the attractions of the next world.
The more you love,the more love you have to give.It's the only feeling we have which is infinite...
Maybe I'll go where I can see stars, he said to himself as the car gained velocity and altitude; it headed away from San Francisco, toward the uninhabited desolation to the north. To the place where no living thing would go. Not unless it felt that the end had come.
It seemed like a matter of minutes when we began rolling in the foothills before Oakland and suddenly reached a height and saw stretched out ahead of us the fabulous white city of San Francisco on her eleven mystic hills with the blue Pacific and its advancing wall of potato-patch fog beyond, and smoke and goldenness in the late afternoon of time.
Belize: Hell or heaven? [Roy indicates "Heaven" through a glance]Belize: Like San Francisco.Roy Cohn: A city. Good. I was worried... it'd be a garden. I hate that shit.Belize: Mmmm. Big city. Overgrown with weeds, but flowering weeds. On every corner a wrecking crew and something new and crooked going up catty corner to that. Windows missing in every edifice like broken teeth, fierce gusts of gritty wind, and a gray high sky full of ravens.Roy Cohn: Isaiah.Belize: Prophet birds, Roy. Piles of trash, but lapidary like rubies and obsidian, and diamond-colored cowspit streamers in the wind. And voting booths.Roy Cohn: And a dragon atop a golden horde.Belize: And everyone in Balencia gowns with red corsages, and big dance palaces full of music and lights and racial impurity and gender confusion. And all the deities are creole, mulatto, brown as the mouths of rivers. Race, taste and history finally overcome. And you ain't there.Roy Cohn: And Heaven?Belize: That was Heaven, Roy.
All I want is to sleep--to dream. Life is better in dreams.
Hey!" I turned, crossing my arms and glaring. "I was talking to him!"Tybalt eyed me with amusement, which just made me glare harder. "No, you were inciting him to stab you with a toothpick. Again, the difference is small, but I think it matters.
It angered him that his sexuality was an issue at all. As far as he was concerned, who he decided to sleep with was his business alone.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
This other time, Attikol had the streets of San Francisco rearranged just so this lady's favorite show The Streets of San Francisco would be more accurate.
I have seen purer liquors, better segars, finer tobacco, truer guns and pistols, larger dirks and bowie knives, and prettier courtesans here in San Francisco than in any other place I have ever visited; and it is my unbiased opinion that California can and does furnish the best bad things that are available in America.
Besides,love is only a feeling.
world is a drama, we are the actors with our play role
I suppose in about fortnight we shall be told that he has been seen in San Francisco. It is an odd thing, but everyone who disappears is said to be seen at San Francisco. It must be a delightful city, and possess all the attractions of the next world.
What about San Francisco?""What about it?""Did you like it?"She shrugged. "It was O.K.""Just O.K.?"She laughed. "Good God!""What?""You're all alike here.""How so?" he asked."You demand adoration for the place. You're not happy until everybody swears undying love for every nook and cranny of every precious damn --""Whoa, missy.""Well, it's true. Can't you just worship it on your own? Do I have to sign an affadavit?"He chuckled. "We're that bad, are we?""You bet your ass you are.
I've never been somewhere I belonged, but there are places where I think I could be happy. Like San Francisco. Well, do art museums count? Because I feel like I belong in them.
In the wee small hours, California Highway One north of Half Moon Bay is about as desolate as it gets. The narrow, twisting road was etched from sheer cliff faces that towered above me on the right and dropped away a hundred feet to the Pacific Ocean on my left.A soggy wool blanket of San Francisco's famous fog hung a few feet above the roadway, obscuring the stars and dribbling tiny spots of mist on my windshield. My headlights bored through the gap between road and fog, drilling an endless tunnel through the darkness.So far as I could tell, there were only two other cars on the entire planet that night—actually, one car and a produce truck. They'd flashed by, one after the other, heading south just past Moss Beach. Their headlights glared in my eyes and made the road seem even narrower, but half an hour later, I was wishing for more signs of life just to help keep my drooping eyelids from slamming shut altogether. It was the wrong thing to wish for.She appeared suddenly out of the fog on the opposite side of the road. Only, she wasn't in a car. This gal was smack dab in the middle of the southbound lane and running for all she was worth. She wore a white dress and no coat, and that was about all I had time to take in before she was gone and I was alone in the endless tunnel again.
Doomed to Hell. Every last one of you.
The deaf people there with balloons, holding them up and feeling the vibrations of the balloons to the Germs, all these fuckin' great bands, and using these balloons and dancing around. For a tough old punk, it just made your heart -- it gave you that beautiful feeling. They loved the music, and we were making money for them.
One soft humid early spring morning driving a winding road across Mount Tamalpais, the 2,500-foot mountain just north of the Golden Gate Bridge, a bend reveals a sudden vision of San Francisco in shades of blue, a city in a dream, and I was filled with a tremendous yearning to live in that place of blue hills and blue buildings, though I do live there, I had just left there after breakfast.
However, in this city (San Francisco) that prides itself in being so progressive, it feels like we need to go back and master something both simple as well as incredibly complex – each other. We can learn to embrace our differences without making them a joke or a spectacle.
After the Second World War, San Francisco was the main point of re-entry for sailors returning from the Pacific. Out at sea, many of these sailors had picked up amatory habits that were frowned upon back on dry land. So these sailors stayed in San Francisco . . .
The only way we know summer is coming is by the more chilling winds, the increased dust, the tawny color of the hills, and the general dying look of things.
If you ask me, houses shouldn't have been built down here. These little block-long streets cease abruptly at the open space that remains on the side of the hill, and the hill is angry that development has crept so close. It whips these pathetic homes with a battering, constant wind. It sends soggy clouds to sit damply atop the roofs, trickling stagnant moisture, birthing deep green molds. It sends its monsters, the horrifying Jerusalem crickets, up from the soil to invade basement apartments, looking like greasy, translucent alien insects. They drive me crying into the bathroom to strategize their eviction from my home.
Up and up he went, in a wide circle, his heart pounding with a crazy excitement that was more than half fright. The wind was wet against his face and his ears were full of the breathy whirr of feathers. It was a pretty frantic and frightening few minutes until at last he broke out above the fog into the clear open starlit sky.Coming up so suddenly out of damp gray blindness, Harry was amazed to see how bright it was, and how clearly he could see. As he climbed higher into the starlit brightness the fog became only a rolling gray river beneath him. It poured in through the Golden Gate in great gray billows, spread out over the water of the bay, and spilled up onto the surrounding land. To the south, the tops of some of the tallest buildings looked like the last remains of a sunken city. As Harry turned in his circling flight, he caught a glimpse of the twin towers of the Golden Gate Bridge, barely showing above the foggy flood. Farther north, small patches of the hills of Marin could be seen through the fog breakers that dashed over their tops and almost seemed to splash down to the bay below.
Coffee and corpses, that's my life. Sometimes I hate being me.
a man was found floating dead in the San Francisco bay. a note in his pocket read: I won't jump if someone smiles at me today.
Gazing down on this mess is like looking into the pit of Mordor. So many lost souls! These glorified car salesmen, these people whose jobs involve coercion and manipulation, whose lives revolve around making their numbers. Every month, every quarter, every year: sell, sell, sell! These are the people who took the Internet, one of the most wonderful and profound inventions of all time, and polluted it with advertising and turned it into a way to sell stuff. No wonder these zombies need to take a week off in San Francisco once a year, with some Deepak Chopra and maybe an eight ball of coke and a Canadian hooker to make the whole thing seem worthwhile.
The city is changing, and she missed the very best parts... the hippies are just homeless.
This is the legend of Cassius Clay, The most beautiful fighter in the world today.He talks a great deal, and brags indeed-y, of a muscular punch that's incredibly speed-y.The fistic world was dull and weary,But with a champ like Liston, things had to be dreary.Then someone with color and someone with dash, Brought fight fans are runnin' with Cash.This brash young boxer is something to see And the heavyweight championship is his des-tin-y.This kid fights great; he’s got speed and endurance,But if you sign to fight him, increase your insurance.This kid's got a left; this kid's got a right,If he hit you once, you're asleep for the night.And as you lie on the floor while the ref counts ten,You’ll pray that you won’t have to fight me again.For I am the man this poem’s about,The next champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.This I predict and I know the score,I’ll be champ of the world in ’64.When I say three, they’ll go in the third,10 months agoSo don’t bet against me, I’m a man of my word.He is the greatest! Yes!I am the man this poem’s about,I’ll be champ of the world, there isn’t a doubt.Here I predict Mr. Liston’s dismemberment,I’ll hit him so hard; he’ll wonder where October and November went.When I say two, there’s never a third,Standin against me is completely absurd.When Cassius says a mouse can outrun a horse,Don’t ask how; put your money where your mouse is!I AM THE GREATEST!
Can you say why America is the greatest country in the world?It’s not the greatest country in the world. That’s my answer… [turns to a panelist] Sharon, the NEA is a loser. Yeah, it accounts for a penny out of our paycheck, but he gets to hit you with it anytime he wants. It doesn’t cost money, it costs votes. It costs airtime and column inches. You know why people don’t like liberals? Because they lose. If liberals are so fucking smart, how come they lose so goddamn always? [turns to another panelist] And with a straight face, you’re gonna tell students that America is so star-spangled awesome that we’re the only ones in the world who have freedom? Canada has freedom. Japan has freedom. The UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Australia, Belgium has freedom! So, 207 sovereign states in the world, like 180 of them have freedom. [turns to the student who asked the question] And yeah, you… sorority girl. Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there’s some things you should know. One of them is: there’s absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we’re the greatest country in the world. We’re 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labor force and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real and defense spending, where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined, 25 of whom are allies. Now, none of this is the fault of a 20-year-old college student, but you, nonetheless, are, without a doubt, a member of the worst period generation period ever period, so when you ask what makes us the greatest country in the world, I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about! Yosemite?![Silence]It sure used to be… We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reason. We passed laws, struck down laws, for moral reason. We waged wars on poverty, not on poor people. We sacrificed, we cared about our neighbors, we put our money where our mouths were and we never beat our chest. We built great, big things, made ungodly technological advances, explored the universe, cured diseases and we cultivated the world’s greatest artists AND the world’s greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence, we didn’t belittle it. It didn’t make us feel inferior. We didn’t identify ourselves by who we voted for in the last election and we didn’t scare so easy. We were able to be all these things and do all these things because we were informed… by great men, men who were revered. First step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one. America is not the greatest country in the world anymore.
Maybe the truth was, it shouldn't be so easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder--if not impossible--to lose.
Only a mind free of impediment is capable of grasping the chaotic beauty of the world. This is our greatest asset.
The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.
There are a thousand 'greatest' melodies, just as there are a thousand 'greatest' poems and a thousand 'greatest' pictures, because there are a thousand moods in the mind of man when a certain note rings with the most clarity--when a certain design is most sharply silhouetted against the changing curtain of his mind.
The greatest battle is between the madness of desire and the reality of uncertainty.
Robert Ingersoll's character was as nearly perfect as it is possible for the character of mortal man to be... none sweeter or nobler had ever blessed the world. The example of his life was of more value to posterity than all the sermons that were ever written on the doctrine of original sin... The genius for humor and wit and satire of a Voltaire, a wide amplitude of imagination, and a greatness of heart and brain that placed him upon an equal footing with the greatest thinkers of antiquity. He stands, at the close of his career, the first great reformer of the age.{Thomas' words at the funeral of the great Robert Ingersoll}
The greatest love stories go untold, don’t they?
The greatest innovators aren’t those who possessed great technical knowledge; they are visionaries who can see life from multiple aspects.
The perfect orchestration of the symphony of life is one of the Creator's greatest and most beautiful miracles.
Our greatest legacy is what we do to change ourselves
The greatest dishonor is ingratitude.
The greatest of all deeds is to love; love thy God and thy neighbour.
One can only wonder about a country that calls itself the greatest nation on Earth and silently radiation poisons its mass population.
The greatest discovery is to be founded by God.
The finest piece of mechanism in all the universe is the brain of man. The wise person develops his brain and opens his mind to the genius and spirit of the world's greatest ideas. He will fell inspired with the purest and noblest thoughts that have ever animated the spirit of humanity.
Trust isn't just the greatest currency, it's the only currency. Once trust is gone in any form of currency, the value is gone.
I heard that I am your biggest disappointment,yet, in my heart, I know and feel that I am the greatest version of myself ever and celebrate myself each and every day
The greatest thing is to love God with all your heart.The second great thing is to love thy neighbour as yourself.
It is through experience that I know the USA is not the greatest nation on Earth.
The greatest transformations happen silently.
Our greatest legacy is what we do to change ourselves.
What you like and dislike tells you what you are. Knowing the self is the greatest wisdom, because when you discover yourself, you also discover your source of happiness within.
The greatest deed is to love the Lord God with all your heart, all your mind, all your soul and with all your strength.
The greatest insights are extracted from failure.
Unfortunately for its workers, the ‘Greatest Nation On Earth’ routinely shafts them by blatantly denying their disability and workers compensation benefits.
The jealous and the foolish ones thought that they won after Prophet Muhammad [S.A.W.] had gone from Mecca to Medina! In history, they are only known as the evil conspirators but Hazrat Muhammad [S.A.W.] is the last prophet and the greatest human being!
A smile is the greatest weapon ever invented.
Patience is your greatest power of a natural source. It strengthens and purifies your heart and mind. It also cures your spiritual wounds and sorrows that, caused by the world.
Give me a used Bible and I will, I think, be able to tell you about a man by the places that are edged with the dirt of seeking fingers.
Our conduct has a direct influence on how people think about the gospel. The world doesn't judge us by our theology; the world judges us by our behavior. People don't necessarily want to know what we believe about the Bible. They want to see if what we believe makes a difference in our lives. Our actions either bring glory to God or misrepresent His truth.
Enjoy life with the woman whom you love all the days of your fleeting life which He has given to you under the sun; for this is your reward"...Ecclesiastes 9:9 (NASB)
The Bible is the story of two gardens: Eden and Gethsemane. In the first, Adam took a fall. In the second, Jesus took a stand. In the first, God sought Adam. In the second, Jesus sought God. In Eden, Adam hid from God. In Gethsemane, Jesus emerged from the tomb. In Eden, Satan led Adam to a tree that led to his death. From Gethsemane, Jesus went to a tree that led to our life.
Prayer will make a man cease from sin, or sin will entice a man to cease from prayer.
The Fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and instructions
Love thy neighbor yes, but love thyself first.
One fleece down, one to go.
The slap of a friend is trusted to help you...but the kisses of an enemy is nothing but lies
Unless the Lord builds the house, those who build it labor in vain. Unless the Lord builds the city, the guard keeps watch in vain.
the man and his wife were both naked, and were not ashamed.
The prophecy is clear, Your Highness. The Messiah shall topple all the kingdoms of the world. Even yours.
Happiness isn't something she spends much time thinking about. Survival, discomfort, hunger...these are the concerns that fill her days.
Boaz is not diminished, marginalized, or feminized in the slightest by being outnumbered and influenced by Ruth and Naomi. As a matter of fact, he only grows stronger himself through his collaborations with them.
Twelve dead?” I said. “Jesus.
Officially, the New Testament church at an early stage took seriously their responsibility for widows who lacked family or other resources. The office of deacon was instituted initially to address this pressing need.
Persephone is just a name for a spirit of beauty at a certain time in history. I'm sure we could argue a biblical place for her if it matters. Your wife has the name of that pagan goddess, but the fact remains that she's your mortal bride in the Year of Our Lord 1888- and she's Catholic, so pray for her, damn it, I don't care how confusing it is. And pray for us, to anyone. If the dead are about to flood Athens, divine goodwill couldn't hurt. Your prayers can be in Hindu, if you like. Now go home.
And what a tree took away a tree shall restore
Cuz I can count on one hand the men who’ve loved me, not in the Biblical sense—I don’t have enough digits for that—but who have truly loved me.
The Man of Sorrows is now anointed with the oil of gladness above his fellows. Returned in triumph from the overthrow of all his foes, he offers his own rapturous Te Deum in the temple above, and joys in the power of the Lord. Herein let every subject of King Jesus imitate the King; let us lean upon Jehovah's strength, let us joy in it by unstaggering faith, let us exult in it in our thankful songs. Jesus not only has thus rejoiced but he shall do so as he sees the power of divine grace bringing out from their sinful hiding-places the purchase of his soul's travail; we also shall rejoice more and more as we learn by expeience more and more fully the strength of the arm of our covenant God. Our weakness unstrings our harps, but his strength tunes them anew.
And I pray mark how he begins: he sets not up trophies to himself, but triumphs in his God-- "I will love thee, O Lord, my strength." As the love of God is the beginning of all our mercies, so love to God should be the end and effect of them all. As the stream leads us to the spring, so all the gifts of God must lead us to the giver of them.
It's Time2Know, Time2Understand!
Judge not lest ye be judged.
Everyone deserves to live out their best life. The practical and most cost effective way to accomplish anything in life is to focus and study the name of Jesus.
We only have 2 choices in life and what we choose matters here, now and in the next life.
But God does give us responsibility, and it takes biblical faith to do those things in dependence on God.
The Holy Bible is the sustainable solution to all problems.
The book was commonly known as the Buggre Alle This Bible. The lengthy compositor's error, if such it may be called, occurs in the book of Ezekiel, chapter 48, verse five.2. And bye the border of Dan, fromme the east side fo the west side, a portion for Afher.3. And by the border of Afher, fromme the east side even untoe the west side, a portion for Naphtali.4. And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side untoe the west side, a portion for Manaffeh.5. Buggre Alle this for a Larke. I amme sick to mye Hart of typefettinge. Master Biltonn if no Gentelmann, and Master Scagges noe more than a tighte fisted Southwarke Knobbefticke. I telle you, onne a daye laike thif Ennywone withe half and oz of Sense shoulde bee oute in the Sunneshain, ane nott Stucke here alle the liuelong daie inn thif mowldey olde By-Our-Lady Workefhoppe. @ *"Æ@;!*6. And bye the border of Ephraim, from the east fide even untoe the west fide, a portion for Reuben.** The Buggre Alle This Bible was also noteworthy for having twenty-seven verses in the third chapter of Genesis, instead of the more usual twenty-four.They followed verse 24, which in the King James version reads:"So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life," and read:25 And the Lord spake unto the Angel that guarded the eastern gate, saying Where is the flaming sword which was given unto thee?26 And the Angel said, I had it here only a moment ago, I must have put it down some where, forget my head next.27 And the Lord did not ask him again.
If we do not know our biblical history, we are doomed to repeat the same mistakes generation after generation.
Your Dreams Matter. Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life. Train the mind, body and spirit, so you may achieve anything. Life is about sharing your dreams/purpose (gifts/passions/talents) with the world and helping others find their way.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.
My two favourite things in life are libraries and bicycles. They both move people forward without wasting anything. The perfect day: riding a bike to the library.
I was warned about you, you know."And with that half-smile that wrecked me, Noah said, "But you're here anyway.
And you, Percy, are my favorite son.
There is more beauty in truth, even if it is a dreadful beauty. The storytellers at the city gate twist life so that it looks sweet to the lazy and the stupid and the weak, and this only strengthens their infirmities and teaches nothing, cures nothing, nor does it let the heart soar.
At a normal high school, having class outside on a gorgeous May day is usually pretty awesome. It means sitting in the sunshine, maybe reading some poetry, letting the breeze blow through your hair...At Hecate Hall, a.k.a. Juvie for Monsters, it meant I was getting thrown in the pond.
Why had my life suddenly become a Nancy Drew mystery from hell?
Erik: Are you very tired?Christine: Oh, tonight I gave you my soul, and I am dead.Erik: Your soul is a beautiful thing, child. No emperor received so fair a gift. The angels wept to-night.
Between grief and nothing, I will take grief.
Edward: So the lion fell in love with the lamb.Bella:What a stupid lamb.Edward:What a sick masochistic lion.
Kissing Simon was pleasant. It was a gentle sort of pleasant, like lying in a hammock on a summer day with a book and a glass of lemonade
Meow says the cat ,quack says the duck , Bow wow wow says the dog !Grrrr!
Had I truly thought I would not die when he kissed me? But I did. For a moment the breath and life went out of me and there was no time and no tomorrow but only my lips against his.
It was then that she realized that the yellow butterflies preceded the appearances of Mauricio Babilonia.
INELUCTABLE MODALITY OF THE VISIBLE: AT LEAST THAT IF NO MORE, thought through my eyes. Signatures of all things I am here to read, seaspawn and seawrack, the nearing tide, that rusty boot. Snotgreen, bluesilver, rust: coloured signs. Limits of the diaphane. But he adds: in bodies. Then he was aware of them bodies before of them coloured. How? By knocking his sconce against them, sure. Go easy. Bald he was and a millionaire, maestro di color che sanno. Limit of the diaphane in. Why in? Diaphane, adiaphane. If you can put your five fingers through it, it is a gate, if not a door. Shut your eyes and see.Stephen closed his eyes to hear his boots crush crackling wrack and shells. You are walking through it howsomever. I am, a stride at a time. A very short space of time through very short times of space. Five, six: the nacheinander. Exactly: and that is the ineluctable modality of the audible. Open your eyes. No. Jesus! If I fell over a cliff that beetles o'er his base, fell through the nebeneinander ineluctably. I am getting on nicely in the dark. My ash sword hangs at my side. Tap with it: they do. My two feet in his boots are at the end of his legs, nebeneinander. Sounds solid: made by the mallet of Los Demiurgos. Am I walking into eternity along Sandymount strand? Crush, crack, crick, crick. Wild sea money. Dominie Deasy kens them a'.Won't you come to Sandymount,Madeline the mare?Rhythm begins, you see. I hear. A catalectic tetrameter of iambs marching. No, agallop: deline the mare.Open your eyes now. I will. One moment. Has all vanished since? If I open and am for ever in the black adiaphane. Basta! I will see if I can see.See now. There all the time without you: and ever shall be, world without end.
If Slater were someone else, Kevin would merely be the poor victim of a horrible plot. Unless he was killed by Slater, in which case he would be the dead victim of a horrible plot
Do not struggle when the hook of a word pulls you into the air of truth and you cannot breathe.
Here's a funny question:What is your favorite word?Think about it—maybe it's a word that makes you absolutely happy, or a word that sounds gloriously beautiful, or a word that evokes awe and wonder. Maybe you are reminded of a great time when you hear it, or maybe it represents your life's dream.So, what is it? What is your favorite word of all words?Thought about it yet?Good.And now, think why.
.. no matter how we grieve over our bad luck, nothing will happen. We have to smile and believe that tomorrow will be better than today.
We are all taught that the most beautiful part of a fairytale is “happily ever after”. But we fail to notice that all fairy tales begin with “Once upon a time”. Once. It all happened. It was all real. Once.
Hush, little students, we'll say the word, Mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird. And if that mockingbird won't sing, Mama's gonna write down everything. And so that book won't look the same, Mama's gonna add a brand-new name.
I am Falling in love again with autumn,The smell of warm cider, The orange color leaves,  Pumpkins everywhere and the crisp breeze,People walking or riding their bikes,Folks jogging or going on hikes,I love autumn for so many reasons,I must admit- This is my favorite season
What Jessica said—hair much shorter, wearing a darker mouth of different outline, harder lipstick, her typewriter banking in a phalanx of letters between them—was: "We're going to be married. We're trying very hard to have a baby." All at once there is nothing but his asshole between Gravity and Roger. "I don't care. Have his baby. I'll love you both—just come with me Jess, please... I need you...." She flips a red lever on her intercom. Far away a buzzer goes off. "Security." Her voice is perfectly hard, the word still clap-echoing in the air as in through the screen door of the Quonset office wth a smell of tide flats come the coppers, looking grim. Security. Her magic word, her spell against demons.
I'm gay-tham for Statham
You have not realized yet that both of you are mine, have you?
If I were you, I'd go stretch myself over her grave and die like a faithful dog.
YoyoyoyoyoyoyoyooyoyoyyoyoyoyoCome by I baked a SHEETCAKEYour favoriteConfetti emoji
Even though we could never be it was my favorite kind of love story - the one without a beginning or an ending.
So, judges, what was your favorite dish?" The producer stepped back so the cameras could pan over the long table.Tarquin answered."A crisp almond tart."Sophia's heart began to pound."Smooth lemony custard. Light as air."She clenched the edge of her worktable."Only one person chose the boysenberries as an ingredient today. They were ripe, juicy, bursting with flavor. But somewhat difficult to wrestle with in terms of tartness. This contestant made a truly inspired syrup, infused with basil... and lemon thyme, I think." Jonathan shrugged. "I can't wait to find out how this syrup was created."Sophia started to sway.The blogger smiled. "I love lemon. It's bright. It's sunny. But I don't have a big sweet tooth. This dish was not too sweet. It was lovely.""And best of all," Tarquin interrupted, "a little surprise under the tart. Hidden. Using the organic bittersweet chocolate we provided. Well played.""And the flowers!" Jenny sighed. "This plate captures the very essence of summer. Sprinkled with flower petals.
What is the best thing you've ever eaten?"Poulet rôti. I was sure that my mother was going to say the poulet rôti from L'Ami Louise in Paris because she'd sat next to Jacques Chirac there and he'd said that since she was a chef, perhaps she would cook something for him. And so she did. She went right back into the kitchen and whipped up something fabulous. After that, they used goose as well as duck fat when frying their potatoes, because it had been her way.I mouthed Poulet rôti into the pillow. But my mother was quiet. She could have made conversation, little noises while she was thinking. But she didn't. Lou didn't care. "Masgouf," she said. "From an Iraqi restaurant that's closed now."I sat up. I opened my mouth. I almost yelled, What? But she was still talking."I went there with her dad years and years ago." I imagined her jerking her thumb in the direction of my room. "The company was like watching paint dry, but the food was fantastic. Out of this world.""And?" Lou said."And," my mother said, "I went back a couple of years ago, just to see, and it was closed up. Totally empty and sad. One silver tray sat in the middle of the place, I remember. Broke my heart to pieces.""Masgouf?" Lou said.I was already out of bed, sockless and by the bookshelf, ripping through the index of The Joy of Cooking, then Cook Everything, then, finally, Recipes from All Over. I found it. "'Traditional Iraqi fish dish, grilled with tamarind and/or lemon, salt, and pepper,'" I whispered, shocked."It was heaven," my mother said. "Literally heaven. I've tried to replicate it, I can't tell you how many times."For a second, I saw spots. I would have bet my life on it- on the poulet rôti."You know how they say that life imitates art?" my mother said. "Well, life imitated masgouf. The fish was so good, so tender, and we ate it with our fingers. For a little while, I convinced myself that life could be so simple."Which meant happiness. Masgouf was my mother's happiness.
You are my everything. You understand me, Via? Tu es meu tudo.” I understood her. And I knew why she said it was a secret. Grandmothers aren’t supposed to have favorites. Everyone knows that. But after she died, I held on to that secret and let it cover me like a blanket.
My feelings are too loud for words and too shy for the world.
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
May feel like you're falling', Tabby, but remember, I'm at the bottom ready to catch you.
Just because you don't say much doesn't mean people don't notice you. It's actually the quiet ones who often draw the most attention. There's this constant whirlwind of motion and sound all around, and then there's the quiet one, the eye of the storm.
Clearly she was expected to say something, but panic at having to speak stole the thoughts from her head.
Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.
She holds herself with such reserve. She smiles, but the smile doesn't reach her eyes, even in the company of the girls she's chosen to eat with. Why?I have no clue, and I really don't want to spend my time worrying about it. But my brain pushes at the question anyway.Why are people aloof?Because they don't want to let others in.Why don't they want to let others in?Well, sometimes because they're shy, and sometimes because they're convinced of their own superiority.But those aren't the only reasons. Sometimes it's because thay have something to hide.
One is always half mad when one is shy of people.
I'm bored," he says."So go home.""I don't want to. What do you do when you're bored? You don't have Internet or TV. Do you just sit around all day and think about how hot I am?
Once bitten twice shy? Sure, but... why not get a bigger dog and bite them back?
Because there are hundreds of different ways to say one thing, I, being a writer, songwriter, and poet, speak childishly and incoherently. In speech there is so much to decide in so little time.
Everybody wants to be somebody fancy. Even if they're shy.
She looked at him, his soft brown eyes and tall form, and contemplated raising herself on her toes and kissing his ear, or his cheek...Instead, impulsively before leaving, she reached up and smoothed his mussed hair.Mr. Bradford beamed.
When you eat food it's no use being shy.
Having people in different optimal environments increases the chances of survival of the human race as a whole. It is nature's way to preserve her species.
For weeks I had mistaken his stare for barefaced hostility. I was wide of the mark. It was simply a shy man's way of holding someone else's gaze.We were, it finally dawned on me, the two shyest persons in the world.
The humble ones are always learning and improving, and their secret is always that it's a secret.
He was rather clumsy and shy and looked as if he'd spent the last ten years of his life locked up in a library - hardly the kind of man any girl your age dreams of ...
My face is like some sort of bashful chameleon, flashing red at any sign of social interaction. Stupid face.
I remembered the lesson my mom taught me at age seven in a swimming pool in Hawaii. I was a shy little girl and an only child, so on vacations I was usually playing alone, too afraid to go up to the happy groups of kids and introduce myself. Finally, on one vacation, my mom asked me which I'd rather have: a vacation with no friends, or one scary moment... After that, one scary moment became something I was always willing to have in exchange for the possible payoff. I became a girl who knew how to take a deep breath, suck it up, and walk into any room by herself.
Greta knows that for me there are no good parties. I’m okay with one or two people, but more than that and I turn into a naked mole rat. That’s what being shy feels like. Like my skin is too thin, the light too bright. Like the best place I could possibly be is in a tunnel far under the cool, dark earth. Someone asks me a question and I stare at them, empty-faced, my brain jammed up with how hard I’m trying to find something interesting to say. And in the end, all I can do is nod or shrug, because the light of their eyes looking at me, waiting for me, is just too much to take. And then it’s over and there’s one more person in the world who thinks I’m a complete and total waste of time.
Like shyness, cowardice cannot swim in alcohol.
Some people are extroverts only when they are drunk.
Cavendish is a book in himself. Born into a life of sumptuous privilege- his grandfathers were dukes, respectively, of Devonshire and Kent- he was the most gifted English scientist of his age, but also the strangest. He suffered, in the words of one of his few biographers, from shyness to a "degree bordering on disease." Any human contact was for him a source of the deepest discomfort. Once he opened his door to find an Austrian admirer, freshly arrived from Vienna, on the front step. Excitedly the Austrian began to babble out praise. For a few moments Cavendish received the compliments as if they were blows from a blunt object and then, unable to take any more, fled down the path and out the gate, leaving the front door wide open. It was some hours before he could be coaxed back to the property. Even his housekeeper communicated with him by letter.Although he did sometimes venture into society- he was particularly devoted to the weekly scientific soirees of the great naturalist Sir Joseph Banks- it was always made clear to the other guests that Cavendish was on no account to be approached or even looked at. Those who sought his views were advised to wander into his vicinity as if by accident and to "talk as it were into vacancy." If their remarks were scientifically worthy they might receive a mumbled reply, but more often than not they would hear a peeved squeak (his voice appears to have been high pitched) and turn to find an actual vacancy and the sight of Cavendish fleeing for a more peaceful corner.
Shyness is cute in children, but disgusting in adults.
I live in a shell, so I can't blame people when they don't want to crack me. But people like you are the reason I left the nest.
Nothing is as irritating to a shy man as a confident girl.
Our fear of aloneness incites us to look for love. The terror of never finding anyone to share of with lives eventually causes us to forgo our natural shyness, mingle with other people, and express compassion.
It is often asked why the greatest performers are so timid in private. Confident people get attention naturally. Shy people must do something extraordinary or outrageous to have similar recognition.
The one who would understand me is equally shy to start a conversation.
Timidity is the silent acceptance of bondage
There is a certain delightful sort of hope which the introvert can receive only by having company over...the hope that they will leave soon.
When you get shy, you’re simply thinking of yourself. Stop it. Step out of yourself.
He swallowed nervously, but in a schoolboy crush kind of way. She was so beautiful. He had been admiring her beauty for the past few days, but it never seemed right to act on it. Somehow, things felt more normal being in his home. It was like the past few days were just a crazy nightmare that had finally ended, except it didn’t. It was only on hold for a while, but it was long enough to act on his feelings. He wanted this woman badly. Everything about her was absolutely perfect!
Why not give a try?Why you are shy, shameful, afraid and so on and so on?- Give a try!
It was always that way for me. After I opened myself to someone, I needed a few minutes to close down again, to restore my sense of privacy.
The introvert's anthem for not wanting to hang out is 'It's not you; it's me.
- If it helps, I used to have a hard time knowing what to do around other people so I watched them and learned to mimic them. If you don't have to be on point, I would interact the minimal amount. If you don't interact at all, people notice and you stand out, and if you're socially awkward and interact too much, people notice too much, people notice that too. But if you speak up now and then in a conversation, of infrequently agree to hang out, poeple will lose interest. It might be harder for you, but that's one thing that works for me." "- Lfe was easier when I was just expected to shoot people.
For a shy person it’s hard enough to overcome self-consciousness and establish personal relationships with others without having the additional hindrance of a well-meaning but misguided relative who only emphasises that person’s limitations
Alcohol is one of the quickest vehicles with which we escape shyness, our problems, and self-consciousness, for a few hours.
You might be an introvert if you were ready to go home before you left the house.
I picked up a book called Anagrams and started to read. I felt someone's eyes on me and looked up. Stuart. I held up the book like someone would hold up a glass. Cheers. Parities, right? Ha-ha. It's that I don't know what to do or say it's just that I've been to so many parties that I'm tired of them and would rather read this book ha-ha so don't worry about me I'll just be here.
All my life, all I'd ever heard was: Emily's so shy, Emily's so quiet, Emily's so clever. Thinking back on it now, I don't know if I was ever any of those things, or if I just became shy and quiet and clever because everyone said I was.
I've always been shy physically. This in part tended to keep me from rushing into things, including relationships, headlong. Not rushing headlong, though I may have wanted to, but beginning to write stories about people, I drew near slowly; noting and guessing, apprehending, hoping, drawing my eventual conclusions out of my own heart, I did venture closer to where I wanted to go.
A poor but confident man is as hard to find as a rich but shy man.
It's not the end if you're too shy to say 'I love you.' It's only the beginning; because you're first meant to show it anyway.
I am a deeply uncertain individual. I often find myself acting like a fool to make the people around me laugh. When they’re laughing, they’re not watching me quite as closely. I smile to put people at ease. But what if I opened my mouth one day, spoke my actual thoughts, and the people glared at my opinions? What if they thought me disgusting or frightening or ugly because of my words? Would you keep your lips shut for the rest of your life to not face that judgment? Just for the sake of someone else’s comfort? For these strangers, who I will never know? If I can’t speak then I’ll write. These strangers, whose opinions crush me, will be forced to listen. Because when they read my words those words will make a home within their heads. They may even end up using my own opinions against me. But at least I’ll be hidden behind the pages of a book.
I picked up a book called Anagrams and started to read. I felt someone's eyes on me and looked up. Stuart. I held up the book like someone would hold up a glass. Cheers. Parties, right? Ha-ha. It's that I don't know what to do or say it's just that I've been to so many parties that I'm tired of them and would rather read this book ha-ha so don't worry about me I'll just be here.
Entendía que mi vida no tenía sentido, y ese conocimiento me liberaba de tener que lograr cualquier cosa.
She hadn’t been avoiding him all these years because she was shy. No, she was head over heels in love with him.
When they got to their hotel she went straight up to bed, but he paused to get a drink. There was, in the vestibule, a flower stall and he bought a handful of roses, stiffly wired into a bouquet, before proceeding to the oppressive gorgeousness of their bridal suite. The lift was lined with looking glass, so that as he shot upwards he got an endlessly duplicated version of himself, stout and nervous, a light cloak flung over his shoulder and flowers in his hand: an infinitely long row of gentlemen carrying offerings to an unforgiving past.
Maybe shy is when you're lonely and you don't think anybody can help you.
Life occasionally humbles us by making us turned on by someone whom we turn off.
Fluttershy is a natural beauty with gentle, serene ways. Despite her shy and unassuming nature, Fluttershy has a unique gift with animals. Her sweetness and sincerity can charm every animal, from tiny woodland creatures to the most powerful of mythical beasts, making her a valuable asset to her friends in all their adventures. Although she's afraid of heights (very embarrassing for a Pegasus) and shies away at the slightest sound, Fluttershy has no problem confronting grumpy manticores or scolding greedy dragons. While she lacks confidence, she has an inner strength that comes out when others are in trouble. Fluttershy has a lot of fears to overcome, but one day her strength of character and enormous heart will make her a force to be reckoned with.
I write for pages,get lost in the mezzaninehidden from stages.
It’s important, however, to understand that being introverted is different from being shy or antisocial. Shyness is insecurity or fear of social embarrassment, and the word “antisocial” describes someone who has hostile or harmful feelings toward society. Introversion is a preference that has to do with where you direct your energy (inward), how you recharge (usually by being alone), and what level of outside stimulation you’re comfortable with (less is more). It’s not a weakness to overcome or something to be cured. It’s just how some of us are designed.
Shy maids are my favorite sort. Aside from wanton ones.
You're not shy. You just like who you like.
Sería imposible describir el peso de toda esa culpa.
Ballroom dancing was inherently social, but steps replaced words and beats ironed out pauses. The shy, the awkward, and the weird found a home where good rhythm or a barn of a memory vanquished their shyness, awkwardness, and weirdness. Some got good while others stayed middling. Everyone, though, had fun.
Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.
ONE BUT MANYOne God, many faces.One family, many races.One truth, many paths.One heart, many complexions.One light, many reflections.One world, many imperfections.ONE.We are all one,But many.
Everybody has a little bit of the sun and moon in them. Everybody has a little bit of man, woman, and animal in them. Darks and lights in them. Everyone is part of a connected cosmic system. Part earth and sea, wind and fire, with some salt and dust swimming in them. We have a universe within ourselves that mimics the universe outside. None of us are just black or white, or never wrong and always right. No one. No one exists without polarities. Everybody has good and bad forces working with them, against them, and within them.PART SUN AND MOON by Suzy Kassem
BLACK AND WHITEI was born intoA religion of Light,But with so many otherReligions andPhilosophies,How do I know whichONEIs right?Is it notMy birthrightTo seek out the light?To find TruthAfter surveying all the proof,Am I supposedTo loveOr fight?And why do all those whoTry to guide me,Always start by dividingAnd multiplying me – From what they considerWrong or right?I thought,There were no wallsFor whoever beams truth and light.And how can one speak on Light's behalf,lf all they doIs act black,But talk WHITE?
Humor is a universal lanuage.
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home who has found his people everywhere.
Laws of nature have no physical properties of mass /energy. They are platonic truths in transcendent realm that create &amp; govern the Universe.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife,' I said, sighing.'Is it?' said Veronica, looking surprised. 'Universally acknowledged? Surely that presupposes life similar to human societies beyond this planet, and besides--''No, no, it's a quote from ... Never mind,' I said.
In Japan, a number of time-honored everyday activities (such as making tea, arranging flowers, and writing) have traditionally been deeply examined by their proponents. Students study how to make tea, perform martial arts, or write with a brush in the most skillful way possible to express themselves with maximum efficiency and minimum strain. Through this efficient, adroit, and creative performance, they arrive at art. But if they continue to delve even more deeply into their art, they discover principles that are truly universal, principles relating to life itself. Then, the art of brush writing becomes shodo—the “Way of the brush”—while the art of arranging flowers is elevated to the status of kado—the “Way of flowers.” Through these Ways or Do forms, the Japanese have sought to realize the Way of living itself. They have approached the universal through the particular.
Self-leaders are still true leaders even if they have no known followers. True leaders inspire by the influence of their characters and general self-made brands. Leadership is defined by the virtues of one's behaviour.
Red was ruby, green was fluorescent, yellow was simply incandescent. Color was life. Color was everything.Color, you see, was the universal sign of magic.
Al-Qur'an is not a book of Science, ‘S-C-I-E-N-C-E’ but a book of Signs ‘S-I-G-N-S
Self-leaders do not look for followers because they are busily pursuing their influencial dreams that followers will trace and ask for. Followers look for influence and that can be obtained from self-leaders.
Great minds think alike because a greater Mind is thinking through them.
A young child is a leader to an elderly person once his purpose has a faithful, sincere and trustworthy influence on people. Leadership is not restricted to position and age; it is self-made and influencial. Everyone has this self-leadership quality.
Pada masa ini sebuah teori sering terdengar seperti sebuah omong besar yang melalaikan kenyataan bahwa selalu ada hal kecil yang tak tercakup. Pada masa ini kita tak bisa sepenuhnya berharap ada hal yang universal yang akan disetujui semua orang, sebagai dasar dan tujuan bersama yang menyebabkan teori itu sah. Sebab itu ada yang menganjurkan: mari kita hidup dengan ironi. Kita tak perlu ngotot dengan satu premis. Selalu harus ada jarak dengan kesimpulan dan dugaan kita sendiri. Kita hanya perlu berpegang prinsip, "Jangan kejam kepada yang lain" .
Suddenly we could all hear, we could all listen, and instead of being caught up in our finite little balls of bullshit, we could all become players in that great universal orchestra again.
As individuals die every moment, how insensitive and fabricated a love it is to set aside a day from selfish routine in prideful, patriotic commemoration of tragedy. Just as God is provoked by those who tithe simply because they feel that they must tithe, I am provoked by those who commemorate simply because they feel that they must commemorate.
Tolerância universal é indiferença. Quem tolera tudo, é porque não se importa com nada'.
Life had stepped into the place of theory and something quite different would work itself out in his mind.
And love is love, in beggars and in kings.
You can be in your room and lead people. Just develop your potentials and publicize them and you will see people looking for your product. That is influence; self-made leaders do not look for followers. Followers look for them.
The concept of leadership is abused by people who think a person becomes a leader when he grows grey hair, put into a position and expected to function. Everyone has a leadership potential carried within in a specific area of his or purpose. Leadership is universal and built on trust.
It does strange things to you to realize that the conservative establishment is forcing you to be a progressive liberal fighter for universal rights.
All you need to know how to perform what you perceive as miracle is to understand the true working mechanism of mother nature.
Six silent people in a room got me to thinking about the voice we hear in our heads when we read, the universal narrator's voice you may well be hearing right now. Whose voice *is* it you're hearing? It's not your own, is it? I didn't think so. It never is. So I posed the question out loud...”"...When you read a book, whose voice is it you hear inside your head?" "It's certainly not my own", said Harj, and the others chimed in with the same claim."Then whose it?
O Heavenly Children, God's messengers are as limitless as the fish in the sea. They come in all colors, regions, languages and creeds. But their message is one and the same, don't you see? He only wishes to unite all His children under one family tree.
If your shout is local, only your village will hear you; if your whisper is universal, the whole world will hear you!
History will be erased in the universal purgatory.
Neighborship is a universal dialectic phenomenon. Good neighborship has a contingent status since it may procure either balance, trust and peace of mind or entail limits, barriers, and fences that can be a protection or conjure up feelings of exclusion, creating inhibitions and frustrations.( "Beware of the neighbor" )
Universal emptiness is mere concept.The fact is, there was never emptiness.
Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.
Man is a little world--a microcosm inside the great universe. Like a fetus, he is suspended, by all his three spirits, in the matrix of the macrocosmos; and while his terrestrial body is in constant sympathy with its parent earth, his astral soul lives in unison with the sidereal anima mundi. He is in it, as it is in him, for the world-pervading element fills all space, and is space itself, only shoreless and infinite. As to his third spirit, the divine, what is it but an infinitesimal ray, one of the countless radiations proceeding directly from the Highest Cause--the Spiritual Light of the World? This is the trinity of organic and inorganic nature--the spiritual and the physical, which are three in one, and of which Proclus says that 'The first monad is the Eternal God; the second, eternity; the third, the paradigm, or pattern of the universe;' the three constituting the Intelligible Triad.
Love is our most basic human value and also our highest potential.
If the artist reflects only his own culture, then his works will die with that culture. But if his works reflect the eternal and universal, they will revive.
We are one huge universe speaking and listening to itself.
A clock that is moving through space at a very fast speed does not tick at the same rate as a slow-moving watch gently attached to your wrist as you stroll on a tropical beach. The idea of a universal time - a godlike clock that could somehow sit outside our universe and measure, in one go, the movement of everything in it, how its evolution unfolds, how old it is and all that - does not exist.
It's helpful to remember that God doesn't belong to Christians, Jews, Muslims or anyone. We belong to God, not the other way around.
I think loneliness is one of the greatest and realest things any of us can experience, because there is no one else there to corrupt it or interfere with our perception... which makes it extremely intimate and yet universal simultaneously.
Because they are so long-lived, atoms really get around. Every atom you possess has almost certainly passed through several stars and been part of millions of organisms on its way to becoming you. We are each so atomically numerous and so vigorously recycled at death that a significant number of our atoms—up to a billion for each of us, it has been suggested—probably once belonged to Shakespeare. A billion more each came from Buddha and Genghis Khan and Beethoven, and any other historical figure you care to name. (The personages have to be historical, apparently, as it takes the atoms some decades to become thoroughly redistributed; however much you may wish it, you are not yet one with Elvis Presley.) So we are all reincarnations—though short-lived ones. When we die our atoms will disassemble and move off to find new uses elsewhere—as part of a leaf or other human being or drop of dew. Atoms, however, go on practically forever.
People seem to be doing different things, but in reality they do the same thing: They just rush about without having any outstanding universal goal!
In future, brainwave is a media of universal language.
The difficulty is that, so long as unreason prevails, a solution of our troubles can only be reached by chance; for while reason, being impersonal, makes universal co-operation possible, unreason, since it represents private passions, makes strife inevitable. It is for this reason that rationality, in the sense of an appeal to a universal and impersonal standard of truth, is of supreme importance to the well-being of the human species.
​« Quelqu’un peut passer toute sa vie entre quatre murs. S’il ne se rend pas compte ou ne sait pas qu’il est en prison, alors il ne se sent pas prisonnier. Il existe des gens pour qui la planète entière est une prison. Qui voient l’espace infini du monde, les millions d’étoiles et de corps célestes étrangers dont l’accès leur est fermé pour toujours. Cette conscience fait d’eux les plus grands esclaves du temps et de l’espace. »
Look at the universe! What do you see? An order? Tranquillity? A divine peace? You fool! You ignorant! Over there, galaxies are colliding, suns are exploding, black holes swallowing stars! Now look at the universe again! What do you see? A disorder? Chaos? Anything savage? You see a hell? Now, you see the truth!
Love is a universal language.
Change is the only universal law.
The one great universal in the study of violence is that most of it is committed by fifteen-to-thirty-year-old men.
There is not a place in the universe where Jesus is not. Anyone who calls on the Lord Jesus will find Him, whatever the caller's location.
Love is the weapon of mass illumination.
We speak it literally, metaphorically, rhythmically and harmoniously; yet it is perceived diversely to have the most profound affect, universally.
It’s such a relief to know these are universal truths for so many of us in the adoption triad. Gosh, how much easier things could have been for you, for me, and your folks, if literature like this had been around, say, five, ten years ago, when we could’ve all really used it.
Any moral ethic worth examining must be universal. That is if something is right or wrong for me, it must also be right or wrong for you. This is a system of ethics that applies universally to all individuals regardless of culture, nationality, race, sex, religion, sexual orientation, wealth, or any other distinguishing feature. Otherwise, we would have difficulty judging human action.
I write on every subject as the universal point of view at the large-scale than the specific way, but I point that out without the direct mark of a particular group or person.
Rachel believes in it, the laws of of pattern formation and how they are universal: whatever she sees, crystallizing, a landscape of fractals, of emergence and symmetry, her world falling happily into shape where he must forge it, a pioneer of industry, sooty and scarred. For Rachel Wolff, quite simply, there are patterns everywhere, she can't help it; she is an illustrator, naturalist, cartographer—and her eye, a kaleidoscope.
Fitting into the equation of humanity, we knead the poignancy of compassion and milk the headiness of creativity into ever more substantive knowing, pushing the collective, universal consciousness to expand moment by moment, molecule by molecule.
Language is not so important in this country. If you want to understand one another, you do.
The knowledge of the little child's mental development has to become widely diffused, for only then will education be able to speak with a new voice, and say to the world with authority: "The laws of life are such and such. They can not be ignored. You must act in conformity with them, for they proclaim the rights of man which are universal and common to all.
Trust in God, for he has a plan for the universe, and you are an integral part of the plan.
Accepting necessary conflicts for the sake of improving the lives of children is the only fundamental moral crusade that matters.
My objective is to create my own world and these images which we create mean nothing more than the images which they are. We have forgotten how to relate emotionally to art: we treat it like editors, searching in it for that which the artist has supposedly hidden. It is actually much simpler than that, otherwise art would have no meaning. You have to be a child—incidentally children understand my pictures very well, and I haven’t met a serious critic who could stand knee-high to those children. We think that art demands special knowledge; we demand some higher meaning from an author, but the work must act directly on our hearts or it has no meaning at all.
For the most part, people strenuously resist any redefinition of morality, because it shakes them to the very core of their being to think that in pursuing virtue they may have been feeding vice, or in fighting vice they may have in fact been fighting virtue.
If desire were really one to one, self to self, there would never be a problem of infidelity, but desire will always, without confusion, demand a particular class, Caring for a unique object is an illusion, but the feeling must be unique, and though that feeling may not be natural, it is duty. You must love your neighbour like yourself, uniquely. From the personal point of view, sexual desire, because of its impersonal and unchanging character, is a comic contradiction. The relation between every pair of lovers is unique, but in bet they can only do what all mammals do. All the relation in friendship a relationship of spirit, can be unique. In sexual relationship love the only uniqueness can be fidelity.
Individual cultures and ideologies have their appropriate uses but none of them erase or replace the universal experiences, like love and weeping and laughter, common to all human beings.
Even the most aware of us do not realize the infinite power we possess or the magnitude of the ability we have to create, transmute, and transcend.
As a citizen of the world, I will not confine myself within the gates of one nation or religion. I will not identify with only one species, sex, class or race; for I am a complete being, and that means that I embrace all of humanity, all of nature, every star and universe within the greater universe as a part of me. If we were all created in the image of God, and his love is unconditional, then why can't we love all living things with the same eyes as God? How can anybody say that one race is more superior than another, when we were all created in God's reflection?
To live in a state of liberty is not to live apart from law. It is, on the contrary, to live under the highest law, the only law that can really profit a man, the law which is consciously and deliberately imposed by himself on himself.
The uniform is that which we do not choose, that which is assigned to us; it is the certitude of the universal against the precariousness of the individual. When the values that were once so solid come under challenge and withdraw, heads bowed, he who cannot live without them (without fidelity, family, country, discipline, without love) buttons himself up in the universality of his uniform as if that uniform were the last shred of transcendence that could protect him against the cold of a future in which there will be nothing left to respect.
Work on making yourself a complete being. Though you were born with the physical traits of one sex, you possess the characteristics of both - including those of plants and animals. You were created as a nearly complete universal being, but with flaws. True perfection can only be achieved when one recognizes that they need to combine their oneness with others and nature. Only then is one considered complete.
At that darkest moment, while drowning in the Abyss of Emotional Bankruptcy, reflect on this universal truth: the difference between success and failure is one more time.
Everything is reflected in both - outside (out there) and inside (in here) - marvel at it, experience, learn. The personal is also the universal, and the universal is also the personal.
Pretend that you are the soul inside everyone you meet.
Human beings have never agreed whether or not there is only one universal or sacred divine entity in a supposedly glorious and transcendent place.
We are the universe seeking truth.
A federation of all humanity, together with a sufficient measure of social justice, to ensure health, education, and a rough equality of opportunity to most of the children born into the world, would mean such a release and increase of human energy as to open a new phase in human history.
I see people teaching how to make an impact, but i don't want to make dents, i want to walk lightly on the earth, grateful for universal grace.
Good use of time is the universal ingredient in cooking a palatable dish—doesn’t matter if you are baking, boiling, frying, brewing, or grilling.
If anthropological data suggests something short of the ideal, that is not because nothing is universal, but because two universals are in conflict: universal moral knowledge and universal desire to evade it. The first one we owe to our creation. The second we owe to our fall.
Fairy tales and stories of fantasy bridge the gap and inspires the heart and mind wherever religious thought reaches its limits or meets a dead end. In other words, fairy tales are spiritual in nature, rising above set dogmas and traditions to provide a modern and universal spiritual nourishment for the human soul.
Education will teach you ephemeral things. God will teach you wonders.
Think of money as energy like you would love and then the belief in the universe will provide all you have been dreaming of.
Literature endures like the universal spirit,And its breath becomes a part of the vitals of all men.
I am nurtured within the womb of universal consciousness. It supports my developing awareness as I witness, engage, learn, create, exchange.
I can't help seeing a cage for what it is. Sure, it protects the bulb, but maybe if people weren't so careless, then nothing would need to be caged.
Love is the universal language.
Whether you love Bach or would rather listen to a composition produced by Kulitta Software, Bach has and will continue to demand the we approach and answer the question, 'what is the art, science and language of music?
I write. See you there.
Giants bleed like everybody else.
A petite, absolutely delightful waitress who, like everyone else, doesn't speak one word of English. But her smile is multilingual.
These demands of life are so universal that either we like it or not, we are going to come across them one way or another. The response we give determines what our lives become.
You two are too cute,” the counter girl said, setting two cups piled with whipped cream on the counter. She had a sort of lopsided, open smile that made me think she laughed a lot. “Seriously. How long have you been going out?”Sam let go of my hands to get his wallet and took out some bills. “Six years.”I wrinkled my nose to cover a laugh. Of course he would count the time that we’d been two entirely different species.Whoa.” Counter girl nodded appreciatively. “That’s pretty amazing for a couple your age."Sam handed me my hot chocolate and didn’t answer. But his yellow eyes gazed at me possessively—I wondered if he realized that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.I crouched to look at the almond bark on the bottom shelf in the counter. I wasn’t quite bold enough to look at either of them when I admitted, “Well, it was love at first sight.”The girl sighed. “That is just so romantic. Do me a favor, and don’t you two ever change. The world needs more love at first sight.
Isn't it funny how the memories you cherish before a breakup can become your worst enemies afterwards? The thoughts you loved to think about, the memories you wanted to hold up to the light and view from every angle--it suddenly seems a lot safer to lock them in a box, far from the light of day and throw away the key. It's not an act of bitterness. It's an act if self-preservation. It's not always a bad idea to stay behind the window and look out at life instead, is it?
We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.
Being faithful in the smallest things is the way to gain, maintain, and demonstrate the strength needed to accomplish something great.
Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.
Nobody looks like what they really are on the inside. You don’t. I don’t. People are much more complicated than that. It’s true of everybody.
Get beyond his eyes and his smile and the sheen of his hair -- Look at what's really there.
The desert and the ocean are realms of desolation on the surface.The desert is a place of bones, where the innards are turned out, to desiccate into dust.The ocean is a place of skin, rich outer membranes hiding thick juicy insides, laden with the soup of being.Inside out and outside in. These are worlds of things that implode or explode, and the only catalyst that determines the direction of eco-movement is the balance of water.Both worlds are deceptive, dangerous. Both, seething with hidden life.The only veil that stands between perception of what is underneath the desolate surface is your courage.Dare to breach the surface and sink.
Darkness is just light turned inside out.
Everybody is equally weak on the inside, just that some present their ruins as new castles and become kings –
You know what truly aches? Having so much inside you and not having the slightest clue of how to pour it out.
If you really want to be different, you'd better keep quiet and be a good person on the inside.
Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that, as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly.
People are a lot like magical pockets. They're a lot bigger on the inside than they appear to be on the outside.
If you keep feeling pricks of conscience during your work, you will always stay on its surface and will never be able to plunge deep inside it.
Problems are solved from the inside out not the other way around.
Healing is a precious process. There are many ways out, but only one way to go in.
My favourite outdoor activity is going back inside.
You can't be afraid of what's inside.
Inside each of us are memories, fantasies and desires for home - a shelter waiting to be built, a place of peace to be revisited.
The outside doesn't always match the inside.
The outside world touches against her outside skin, but not the other part of herself, inside.
She dances,She dances around the burning flames with passion,Under the same dull stars, Under the same hell with crimson embers crashing,Under the same silver chains that wires,All her beauty and who she is inside,She's left with the loneliness of human existence, She's left questioning how she's survived,She's left with this awakening of brutal resilience,Her true beauty that she denies,As much she's like to deny it,As much as it continues to shine,That she doesn't even have to admit,Because we all know it's true,Her glory and success,After all she's been through,Her triumph and madness,AND YET,SHE STANDS.Broken legs- but she's still standing,Still dancing in this void,You must wonder how she's still dancing,You must wonder how she's not destroyed,She doesn't even begin to drown within the flames,But little do you realize,Within these chains,She weeps and she cries,But she still goes on,And just you thought you could stop her?You thought you'd be the one?Well, let me tell you, because you thought wrong.Nothing will ever silence her,Because I KNOW,I know that she is admiringly strong,Her undeniable beauty,The triumph of her song,She's shining bright like a ruby,Reflecting in the golden sand,She's shining brighter like no other,She's far more than human or man,AND YET,SHE STANDS. She continues to dance with free-spirit,Even though she's locked in these chains,Though she never desired to change it,Even throughout the agonizing pain,Throughout all the distress,Anxiety, depression, tears and sorrow,She still dances so beautify in her dress,She looks forward to tomorrow,Not because of a fresh start but a new page, A new day full of opportunities, Despite being trapped in her cage,She still smiles after being beaten so brutally,A smile that could brighten anyone's day,She's so much more than anyone could ask for,She's so much more than I could ever say,She's a girl absolutely everyone should adore,She never gets in the way,Even after her hearts been broken, Even after the way she has been treated,After all these severe emotions,After all all the blood she's bled, AND YET,SHE STANDS.Even if sometimes she wonders why she's still here, She wonders why she's not dead,But there's this one thing that had been here throughout every tear,Throughout the blazing fire leaving her cheeks cherry red,Everyday this thing has given her a place to exist,This thing, person, these people,Like warm sunlight it had so softly kissed,The apples of her cheeks, Even when she's feeling feeble,Always there at her worst and at her bestBecause of you and all the other people,She has this thing deep inside her chest,That she will cherish forever, Even once you're gone,Because today she smiles like no other, Even when the sun sets at dawn,Because today is the day,She just wants you to remember,In dark and stormy weather,It gets better.And after what she's been through she knows,Throughout the highs and the lows,Because of you and all others,After crossing the seas, She has come to understand,You have formed this key,This key to free her from this land,This endless gorge that swallowed her,Her and other men,She had never knew, nor had she planned,That because of you, AND YET,THIS VERY DAY,SHE DANCES. EVEN IN THE RAIN.
Nothing messes up a man completely on the inside than not knowing what to do when he finds a woman who is so loveable but realizes she is way out of his league and so many better men than him are out to woo her.
Utajiri wa nje huwa unaanzia ndani, nao ni hekima.
It was sad to see someone who has killed and caged so many dragons out there, die because of their own demons that they held inside.
We exist outside the universe because the universe exists within each, and everyone of us.
Everything has an effect. We can do clean the clutter inside our houses, but if we don’t organize our minds, the mess will remain the same.
Inside, Miles was wild, sweaty, jittery. Outside, Miles was boring, normal, like a shoe box.
She wouldn't reveal whyIt was she did cry.She thought she could put asideHow she really feels inside.
No human being who is empty or dead on the inside can ever see the bright side of life.
I had this desire to see the world.So I got up and went outside.
Your inside creates your outside.
While astronomers have been studying Mercury, I have been living with mercury.
When you cry when you read my book, it's not something inside my book that makes you cry, it's something inside you.
When I hold you in my arms, I live inside your rainbow and you live inside mine.
When I look inside myself, I find I am to blame,For everything that I've done wrong,And said others were to blame.
Nothing is dark when you embosom your own light within you
Kindness is a lamp that we should always kindle in our heart. The warmth of it not only make us happy from inside and give light to others. But also makes the world a little more beautiful place everytime it lights the lamps in other hearts.
He fed himself to the demons he had inside him, every single day. Just to save her, from being consumed by them.
Loneliness is the biggest enemy of a human. Cause it is more than the enemy. When a person becomes lonely from inside, no one can save the person from sinking under the deep sea of end.
Freedom on the inside comes when validation from the outside doesn’t matter.
Those who were afraid of the dark and always refused to throw themselves inside it. Never got to see and feel how beautiful it is, to meet and greet one's own demons.
Forming good values and beliefs comes by determining what they should be and then building them inside of you
You have to look inside, to pursuit spirituality.
You hold within you a system of values and beliefs
We need to be strong on the inside and have God’s character and qualities
What is inside of you is where your wealth is and where your treasures comes from
There is a mighty force, energy and ability inside us that has not yet been noticed by the world
There are many things that have distorted the person inside you from what you were created to be
You need to understand what there is inside you
There is mighty force, energy, ability inside of us that has not yet been noticed by the world
If the outside [our outside circumstances] has become spoilt so be it, don’t let the inside [our inner intent] spoil. If you don’t have the money to pay off your debt, keep the intent pure within that you want to pay it off. Because you did not let the inner intent spoil, the time to pay off the debt will come.
Tracey hurriedly shut the door behind her to prevent the flames that had been licking hungrily at her caboose all the way down the corridor, from following her inside. Then, almost falling into one of the gravity couches, she hurriedly strapped herself into it before punching the emergency release. She hoped the escape system still worked. It did. The explosive dead-bolts fired, shaking the pod loose, dislodging it from the rapidly disintegrating wreck, just about shaking the crap out of her on its bone-jarring way into the great wide open.
You should look inside of yourself and see the person who is there
This was true, she knew. Being involved with him gave her the privileged position of knowing him intimately. There were nights when he would wake up sweating, the nightmares returning out of the blue after a peaceful period sometimes weeks long. Growing up in the middle of a fierce civil war could indelibly mark a child. To Mykl, birthdays were always just another year under the belt, where the only reason to celebrate was that you weren’t dead yet. She took his hand, squeezed it tight and led him inside.
You are the characterize, values and beliefs that are inherent only inside you
Oh, bro! Didn't go in. Try Again
A ‘biomass’ man tries to look good on the outside but inside he is afraid of himself
Tai tapped his left nostril. 'You know what this is, Nakkoo? It's the place where the outside world meets the world inside you.
During my life journey I've discovered an interesting thing; once you stop seeking outside you discover what already resides within.
If you take care of everything inside of you, God will take care of everything outside of you.
When people break off relationships, they break them both from the outside and from within. The external spoils because of circumstances, but the inner [inside] must not spoil.
The child inside me wouldn't stop crying. Every time it loses something so important to it. A person or a thing it loves the most, I pretend like nothing happened. But I hear it sobbing helplessly inside me. And the pathetic part of all this is, It neither grows up nor dies. Every time I stand in front of a mirror, it stares at me through my eyes. With its tear-stained face and that intense eyes that rip my ribs apart and the cry of it echoes through every room of my soul.
Love is the name of an irrepressible moment formed inside one complete pulsation of a heart
It is beautiful to hear, how even the demons inside me have started singing your name.
I went to a restaurant today that is shaped like and called the Milk Bottle and they only had non dairy cream?
We are living from inside out not from outside in.
There is always a demon inside every angel. And there is an angel inside every demon. All they need is a bit of darkness and light together to see each other's face.
You must be so empty inside: that is why you show your outside!
You cannot win a war outside until you have won the war that you are fighting inside you first.
We are all the gods and devils, hiding under the human skin.
Tell me, about the light that you are trying to find. Tell me, where you are searching for it. For all the places you had been and for every moment you failed. You forgot to look around and realise that everyone you meet, is doing the same. The day you realise that the light, which you always searched for, was inside you. And you are the home, for all the answers to every question you ever had. The time will freeze at once for you. You become the light that you always searched.
Wait-a-minute!Reality kicked in after marking its spot `position vacant’ for the short and pleasant while. He groaned mournfully as he found himself staring at the inside of his own eyelids. The first thing that occurred to him was the terrible bone-wracking pain running up and down his spine. Pain? No, curiously enough. It was the memory of it that seemed to hurt so much. Maybe that’s what scared him. Or maybe it was the creaking of the ship around him…
Looks like they went crazy and started cacking each other.’ Lisa said to me as we walked through the ship, searching for a single survivor. There were what looked to be barricades in the corridors. The elevator doors were shot through from the inside. So were the sides and the roof!
Looking at her always reminded me of a rose that was dripping blood. I always felt it was drawing all the life from inside. Just to look beautiful on the outside.
Motherhood is a predicament. How to live fully inside of it with any grace?
People feeling the need to live inside of Faraday cages is a sad reflection on modern society that humans are devolving into living inside of safe spaces.
I am going to build a fortress of books.Will you come inside and live with me?
You may be scorned in the public because of your skin color it is a function that there is something greater inside of you
How does it feel to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love.How many days will you do that? Have your ever thought about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decideto leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once, How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will ever get that part of you back?
Standing alone and observing from an edge "the giant universe" isn't that much scary than leaving yourself with your thoughts and creating insight in yourself!Equally big universe lies within ourselves as well
What is inherent inside you is your uniqueness and peculiarity
Sleep like you can never be deadDream as if you have a soul inside your head
I was recently inside a hospital that had gone wireless and it was a forest of microwave antennas! It is sad that the medical profession is in the process of becoming expert on microwave radiation sickness due to willfully inducing it into their own staff!
There are no good tights, Rare they are, a rare sight. You roll and roll Inside a new hole, They´re only good for a fight.
When God said 'Let there be light'.May be he meant it Inside.
As a sea level adapted human, I am more fearful about the radiation levels on top of high altitude mountains, mile high modern cities and inside jet aircraft than from nuclear reactors and bombs, as that is where I get the most radiation exposures in the modern world.
They wear masks that hide how hairy they are on the inside.
The voids in her soul turned every touch of someone else into the reminiscent of his love inside her.
The sky inside my head never turns blue. It if forced to stay red. By the demon, who is yellow inside me.
I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more. Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.
You have everything inside you, though you sometimes only recognise certain bits relating to the current stage of your path.
A tractor beam from the Imperial ship locked onto the shuttle and in seconds it became apparent they were being hauled in. The tractor was inescapable, and they knew it. The shuttle’s small yet potent engines struggled vainly against the irresistible pull. Inside, the Hammer and his men prepared to meet their fate.
God works in the inside of you with what you feed yourself with
Nothing is more creative... nor destructive... than a brilliant mind with a purpose.
The heart is stubborn. It holds onto love despite what sense and emotion tells it. And it is often, in the battle of those three, the most brilliant of all.
Love is friendship. Just with less clothes, which makes it far more brilliant.
And so the merry party began. It was one of those jolly, happy, bread-crumbling parties where you cough twice before you speak, and then decide not to say it after all.
It is dull enough to confuse the eye in following, pronounced enough to constantly irritate and provoke study, and when you follow the lame uncertain curves for a little distance they suddenly commit suicide—plunge off at outrageous angles, destroy themselves in unheard of contradictions.
Owing to the shape of a bell curve, the education system is geared to the mean. Unfortunately, that kind of education is virtually calculated to bore and alienate gifted minds. But instead of making exceptions where it would do the most good, the educational bureaucracy often prefers not to be bothered.In my case, for example, much of the schooling to which I was subjected was probably worse than nothing. It consisted not of real education, but of repetition and oppressive socialization (entirely superfluous given the dose of oppression I was getting away from school). Had I been left alone, preferably with access to a good library and a minimal amount of high-quality instruction, I would at least have been free to learn without useless distractions and gratuitous indoctrination. But alas, no such luck.Let’s try to break the problem down a bit. The education system […] is committed to a warm and fuzzy but scientifically counterfactual form of egalitarianism which attributes all intellectual differences to environmental factors rather than biology, implying that the so-called 'gifted' are just pampered brats who, unless their parents can afford private schooling, should atone for their undeserved good fortune by staying behind and enriching the classroom environments of less privileged students.This approach may appear admirable, but its effects on our educational and intellectual standards, and all that depends on them, have already proven to be overwhelmingly negative. This clearly betrays an ulterior motive, suggesting that it has more to do with social engineering than education. There is an obvious difference between saying that poor students have all of the human dignity and basic rights of better students, and saying that there are no inherent educationally and socially relevant differences among students. The first statement makes sense, while the second does not.The gifted population accounts for a very large part of the world’s intellectual resources. As such, they can obviously be put to better use than smoothing the ruffled feathers of average or below-average students and their parents by decorating classroom environments which prevent the gifted from learning at their natural pace. The higher we go on the scale of intellectual brilliance – and we’re not necessarily talking just about IQ – the less support is offered by the education system, yet the more likely are conceptual syntheses and grand intellectual achievements of the kind seldom produced by any group of markedly less intelligent people. In some cases, the education system is discouraging or blocking such achievements, and thus cheating humanity of their benefits.
Before Turner there was no fog in London.
Don't open the door to strangers," said her dad. "Unless they're selling something. Then open the door and see if I'd like it. If I'd like it, buy it for me. But nothing cheap. I have standards. Nothing too expensive, either. My standards aren't that high.
All of us, at some point in life, get brilliant ideas...only a few of us have the courage to take the next step.
A brilliant idea is like a baby in a mothers womb.You need to bring it out in the world, nurture it, feed it, grow it, till it becomes big enough to take care of itself.If you leave it at the stage of an idea itself, it is as good as non existent.
You deicde, and you make our night what you want. Brilliant and ours. Stupid and theirs.
Over his shoulder, she saw Skulduggery walk in. "Oh, hell," she muttered. Wreath's smile reappeared. "It's Skulduggery, isn't it?"Over his shoulder, she saw Skulduggery walk in. "Oh , hell," she muttered. Wreath's smile reappeared. "It's Skulduggery, isn't it?""Please don't annoy him.""Me? When have I EVER annoyed the great Skulduggery Pleasant?"Skulduggery arrived at their table. Wreath smile up at him. "Hello.""I will shoot you in the eye," Skulduggery said.Wreath glanced at Valkyrie. "I think I've annoyed him.
Birth after birth the line unchanging runs,And fathers live transmitted in their sons;Each passing year beholds the unvarying kinds,The same their manners, and the same their minds:Till, as erelong successive buds decay,And insect-shoals successive pass away,Increasing wants the pregnant parent vexWith the fond wish to form a softer sex. ..
Asking where memory is "located" in the brain is like asking where running is located in the body. There are certainly parts of the body that are more important (the legs) or less important (the little fingers) in performing the task of running but, in the end, it is an activity that requires complex coordination among a great many body parts and muscle groups. To extend the analogy, looking for differences between memory systems is like looking for differences between running and walking. There certainly are many differences, but the main difference is that running requires more coordination among the different body parts and can be disrupted by small things (such as a corn on the toe) that may not interfere with walking at all. Are we to conclude, then, that running is located in the corn on your toe?
It would be unfair to expect other people to be as brilliant as oneself.
GOD IS MY PROVIDER I BRAG DIFFERENT, THROUGH HIM ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
We're all just chemical hearts. Does that make love any less brilliant? I don't think so.
You were born to be brilliant in your own way and in your own sphere of influence.
This is Electra. Brilliant no more.
Well, typically the state of hypnosis is perfected at the right combination of light and sound frequency when the mind completely relaxes. At this state, the mind also becomes highly suggestible, which means the word of the hypnotist becomes the new reality of the subconscious mind.
Poverty is the origin of invention
When the people are not enlightened enough to exercise intelligent control, you take it from them, not to command their lives, but to create a safe depository for the ultimate powers.
God is my provider I brag different.
You are Brilliant, Let it Shine
If you're the 'brilliant writer' in the room, you're in the wrong writers' room.
If only I was as brilliant during daylight as I am at twilight.
Brilliance of the brain must be admired more than beauty of the body.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Its that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be?
Most people think you're odd."She smiled. "On that, most people are right.""You know, I used to think they were. You're brilliant and have a passion for animals and strange flowers, and you were always more interested in the crops that rotated on my estate than in the trappings of my town house. I'd never met a woman like you. But, even as I knew you were smarter than I, even as I knew that you knew that you were smarter than I... you never showed it. You've never given me any reason to believe you thought me simple. You always went out of your way to remind me of the things we had in common. We both prefer the country. We both enjoy animals." He shrugged one shoulder. "I was happy to think that you would one day be my wife.""I don't think you simple," she said, wanting him to know that. Wanting him to understand that this mess she was making had nothing to do with him. He was not lacking. "I think you will make someone a very happy match.
You are a breathtaking work of art,far too brilliant to be hidden,far too beautiful to be broken.
The things you used to own, now they own you.
Of course I need you. I go insane when I see you. You can do almost anything you wish with me. Is that what you want to hear? Almost, Dominique. And the things you couldn't make me do — you could put me through hell if you demanded them and I had to refuse you, as I would. Through utter hell, Dominique. Does that please you? Why do you want to know whether you own me? It's so simple. Of course you do. All of me that can be owned. You'll never demand anything else. But you want to know whether you could make me suffer. You could. What of it?" The words did not sound like surrender, because they were not torn out of him, but admitted simply and willingly. She felt no thrill of conquest; she felt herself owned more than ever, by a man who could say these things, know them to be true, and still remain controlled and controlling — as she wanted him to remain.
But remember that forgiveness too is a power. To beg for it is a power, and to withhold or bestow it is a power, perhaps the greatest.Maybe none of this is about control. Maybe it isn't really about who can own whom, who can do what to whom and get away with it, even as far as death. Maybe it isn't about who can sit and who has to kneel or stand or lie down, legs spread open. Maybe it's about who can do what to whom and be forgiven for it. Never tell me it amounts to the same thing.
I want everyone to wear what they want and mix it in their own way. That, to me, is what is modern.
Just because you have stolen someone's heart, luckily owned and occupied as a home, doesn't give you the audacity to enforce hurtful policies.
Do not depend on good motivator!Find your words of self-motivation!
A warrior fears the battle he missed. More than any fight he can make his own, he fears the fight that’s gone, that ended without him, that no feat of arms can change.
Butterfly upon my hand, A voice of wonder within my mind, not my own but the butterfly's.
Freedom carries sacrifice,
Every woman should have a purse of her own.
The world economy would collapse if a significant number of people were to realize and then act on the realization that it is possible to enjoy many if not most of the things that they enjoy without first having to own them.
Be The Leader, Author, &amp; Star of Your Own Life Story!
Go to hell.""I've already been there. I own property in it.
Despite the voice in his head that says he doesn’t want anything that’s owed to his father, Tom can’t wait to get his hands on it.“Just take it. Hit your old man over the head with it. You’re dying to.
Words of our hearts have their own dictionary
He said he owned the land,He said he owned the sea,Through his sweet lies and manipulation,He was trying to own me
Some of these things I understand, some I do not. It makes no difference. The discussions give me an excuse to talk to him, fatherly conversations I cannot have with my father, who would like me to be a lawyer.
You don't own your blood
Some people are so weak, that they try to defeat you by calling you their own.
If you to get progress... less fuck is the formula + label people... and put yourself in high status...you are there and you own the room... you ain't jealous, you ain't freak or blame.
Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you.
Please, note it and do not forget it that I am a subject of the tit for tat, even in the ways of my own.
I write my own truth. I don't know yours.
We look like GOD, Right?"Own Image"… Does it mean that we are different versions of this person?
Ruby used to say that we'd earned our memories, but we didn't owe them anything beyond their keeping. I guess she'd know better than most. We were moving forward, and the past was best left to its darkness. Its ashes.
I will always be remembered more by strangers than my own people.
It was sad to see someone who has killed and caged so many dragons out there, die because of their own demons that they held inside.
Ultimately nobody can help anyone else in life; one has this recurring experience in every conflict and confusion: that one is alone. (Letters on Life)
May life remain enamored of its own charm.
It is quite rare to encounter a truly creative and productive person who resides in his own stillness or simply in the midst of his melody, close to the honest beating of his heart! (Letters on Life)
If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.
When you're the only sane person, you look like the only insane person.
True rebels hate their own rebellion. They know by experience that it is not a cool and glamorous lifestyle; it takes a courageous fool to say things that have not been said and to do things that have not been done.
Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities.
Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known.
Others inspire us, information feeds us, practice improves our performance, but we need quiet time to figure things out, to emerge with new discoveries, to unearth original answers.
The people you think are the happiest are usually the saddest; that's because they see more and feel deeper than others do. They are the sensitive and they see beyond the veil of what's tangible and what's not. They wear no masks and can see through the masks of others. The sensitive to life are few in number, which is why they feel so alone...because they are all alone.
Be different. Be original. Nobody will remember a specific flower in a garden filled with thousands of the same yellow flower, but they will remember the one that managed to change its color to purple.
A winner is not someone who wins. It's someone who tries and isn't afraid to lose.
Unlike a fountain that circulates the same water in an enclosed, perpetually recycling system, a human being circulates thoughts in an unlimited reservoir of self.Don't limit yourself to being a mere fountain when you contain an ocean.
Never allow anyone to define you! Just be you!
You do not have to feel truer than others in order to be original.You just need to be different and keep aspiring to be a better you.
You couldn't get more original than Laura. Laura. Yes, she was an original, all right. One of a kind. Did they break her mold or what, pal? Or...or did it self-destruct? Still, Laura. The one and the only. Such a plain name for a unique cutie. But perhaps my acuity is not without its problems. I ruin everything: a stupid story to be tapped out on my tomb's stone. I ruined even Laura. And an original ruin is rare. Just ask the archaeologist, "Egypt, again?" Just ask me, "Laura, again?" and we'll both respond: "Yes, again and again. And again.
Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.
You were born an original work of art. Stay original.
Originals cost more than imitations.
It’s my job.”“Then thanks for showing up at work today.
Wartime lipstick is necessarily cobbled together from whatever tailings and gristle were left over once all the good stuff was use to grease propeller shafts. A florid and cloying scent is needed to conceal its unspeakable mineral and animal origins.It is the smell of War.
Be yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.Style is King, 2008.
She was herself, the original. Everyone else was just a copy.
Be yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.
The journey had been long and dangerous, and along the way he had met countless travelers, many of whom were so amazing that they must certainly rank among the most original and memorable characters in the history of recorded literature. Which is why it's so sad that there's no time to describe them.
From centuries ago before the dawn of civilization there were people who took first steps down unknown roads marching ahead with nothing but their own vision. They were different in race, color, religion, and culture but they had one thing in common: the road they took was new and the vision they carried was original. These people - the thinkers, the writers, the entrepreneurs, the artists, the scientists, the researchers, the inventors - held on to their beliefs against the majority of their times. These people were the creators. They changed the world! Others criticized them, vilified them or opposed them but they kept on marching ahead. They faced, they fought, and they suffered. But they won!
Don't get carried away, become a car on the coaster and let others enjoy the ride.
Broken affairs and subjects never can be original.
Would the Thunderhead grieve our passing, I wonder? And if so, would it grieve as the child who has lost a parent, or as the parent who could not save a petulant child from its own poor choices?
My Christmas ornament and Dad's painting had been destroyed, but just because they were destroyed doesn't mean some traces of them, however small and broken, weren't left behind. And if there are enough pieces, you can see what the original object was supposed to be.
A busy mind is full of thoughts, a blissful mind is full of ideas.
A conclusive mind cannot be a creative mind.
I keep falling deep down into my abyss… It’s the end of meaning and the beginning of meaning.
Books are the original virtual reality.
Telephone did not come into existence from the persistent improvement of the postcard.
Original thinkers doubt the default.
This story has never happened but it is real. Once upon a time, in a surreal paradigm.
To the North of my soul. To the South of my existence.
I keep falling deep down into my abyss… I start hearing the stars of my own universe.
Surreal reality. Real surreality. Imagination Opium. Reality Morphium.
If there is an original sin, then music must be my primordial salvation.
His sexual movements were smoother than warm butter, creative, musical, and right away he became a conductor who directed the performance and moans of his one-woman orchestra with his dick. I sang like a choir.
Loyalty may be extended to a personality or to the position. To which we value speaks volumes about original intent. Be mindful.
Artists are the flowers of our world. The best ones are those that can stand out from the crowd and create their own concrete garden -- to move us, inspire us, and makes us think hard. A flower with no smell to it is just something to look at. However, a flower that emits a beautiful fragrance is the one we want in our homes and on our walls. Your mission as an artist, is to become the best-smelling flower in the world, so that when the day finally comes when you are plucked from the ground, the world will cry for the loss of your mind-stimulating fragrance. Be different. Be original. Nobody will remember a specific flower in garden loaded with thousands of the same flower, but they will remember the one that managed to change its color to purple.Truth Is Crying, 2008
Who are you? The answer stretched my soul into the abyss and... back. I need an abyss, but not a void.
At the edge of who you are, you may find the fragments of your original beginnings.
You walk like others? You talk like others? You think like others? Then the world doesn’t need you because others are already abundant in the world! Be original!
Turn over a new leaf...Night on Oak St, a house lived in by the Devil himself, featured in my new book 2", coming soon.
Drunken women in very sheer catch-a-cold-or-catch-a-man dresses were acting like they were on spring break in Cancún. Inebriated men in dark suits were . . . making passes and grabbing asses and refilling glasses.
The truth doesn't benefit from being accepted. The benefit comes from accepting the truth.
An original way of thinking knows one original start.
To be original, seek your inspiration from unexpected sources.
To be successful, love yourself and be originally you. Discover what you were born to do and do it well.
Time is the material from which life is made
Perfection is not about being better than anyone else.It is the state of peace when you have accepted your unique flawed self
Be yourself. An original is always worth more than a copy. Truth always rises with time.
STAY AN ORIGINAL WORK OF ARTIn this short lifetime,Why not be --True to your own voice,Your own story,Your own truths,Your own style,Beat and drum --Instead of reflect the words,Songs and march of another?Why not use your soul's ownUnique language,Instead of constantly try to toot somethingNot true, suitable or intendedFor your own instrument,Painting,Song,Or story?Why create an image you cannot produce?And if you can create a brilliant mask,How long will you really be able to hide your true soulBehind itUntil its colors and plasticBegin to fade and melt withTime?Do not speak about truth when there is no truth in you.Do not speak about being yourself when you are trying hard to be someone else.Do not keep crying about your pain when you you have no shame creating pain in others.Do not step on truth, or someone else's truth, or someone who fights for truth --And think there will be no repercussions;For there is more danger in silence,And for every action there will always be a reactionOf opposite or equal measure.Treasure integrity,Treasure your own story and truths.How will people remember you when you want to be an imitation?How will people remember your voice when you want to sound like another?Be so different that everybody will remember you.Be yourself because an original is worth more than a copy.Be true to yourself or your heart will never forgive you;For once you silence the music from your own instrument,Your true purpose and intended path will begin to fade.There is no greater crimeThan ignoring your conscienceAnd the truths intendedFor you to live, learn,And share.SoStayTRUEto YOUIn everythingYou do.That itself is the purestAnd truestArt.Suzy Kassem, "Stay An Original Work of Art"Copyright 1993, The Spring For Wisdom
Because of their lack of originality, women who say that they like their men like they like their coffee turn off even men who are black and strong.
There is something original in every one of us
A person becomes a real individual when he has set and accurately defined his goal
Convictions in our ideas is dangerous not only because it leaves us vulnerable to false positives, but also because it stops us from generating the requisite variety to reach our creative potential.
When you have gone beyond thinking, and if you can still remain alert, aware, as if one is fast asleep but still alert—deep down at the very core of one’s being a lamp goes on burning, a small candle of light—then you will see your original face. And to see your original face is to be back in the Garden of Eden.
So does it still count if he doesna kiss the bride?
We can all take pictures but not everyone can capture the beauty that's usually hidden in plain view...We can all open our mouth to sing but not everyone can melodically touch your soul...We can all pick up a pen to write but not everyone can write words in such a way that they leap off of the page for you...We can all part our lips to speak but not everyone can speak life into you...We can all move our bodies to a beat but not everyone can become one with music, stir emotions and shift energy with dance...Point is: WE CAN all do something but Know your gifts, cultivate them and ALWAYS, ALWAYS BE YOURSELF! Then working together becomes effortless. Copies aren't accepted everywhere...ORIGINALS are eventually required!
I am the one thing in life I can control. I am inimitable; I am an original. I'm not falling behind or running late. I'm not standing still: I am lying in wait.
Be yourself because an original is worth more than a copy.
Love has the power to create an inviting space in the lives of people. But if daily routine kills dreamy or passionate thoughts, the constraint of the room may become oppressive and the emptiness unbearable. The room loses then its original fullness and turns into a place of nothingness. ( " Another empty room" )
In a world of remakes and rip-offs, be original.
I think we live in a time where artists are very tidy and afraid of what others might think. They hesitate in expressing their views and opinions. So being original is rare. For me, it's about living the life you create for yourself, to create your kingdom. I think we should work on being our unique selves and becoming our greatest versions. I like to remind people to take the power to live their life the way they wish.
Don't be afraid to be exactly as awesome as you were created to be.
Truth is unoriginal.
If we had to earn our age by thinking for ourselves at least once a year, only a handful of people would reach adulthood.
The fact differentiates the fake.
Life is like that...sometimes you have to peel off the bitterness in order to get to the part that is sweet.
Be yourself. An original is always worth more than a copy.
Know all the paths, but walk on your path! Be original!
A veces un escritor simplemente encuentra nuevas maneras de decir lo que ya se ha dicho porque, al final, la verdad es poco original.
Be Yourself. An original is worth more than a copy
Sometimes a writer simply finds new ways of saying what has already been said because, ultimately, truth is unoriginal.
Her love was old but her methods were original.
Vos 10 000 premières photographies seront les pires.
Ingenuity is the ability to solve difficult problems, often in an original and creative way.
When you are an original you become successful in everything you do!
Either you live your way, or you live the way others want you to live. There is no third way to live life, period.
To function in the original intention is to adhere to spiritual principles
Mankind’s original destiny was to extend God’s glorious dominion of love throughout the earth
Before Any Fall, The Original Plan Is Already Initiated For His Purpose
To Operate In Misery Is To Disregard The Original Intention Of God
How can you expect the world from someone who has not seen it yet?
Be the best, not necessarily the original.
We can all take pictures but not everyone can capture the beauty that's usually hidden in plain view...We can all open our mouth to sing but not everyone can can melodically touch your soul...We can all pick up a pen to write but not everyone can write words in such a way that they leap off of the page for you...We can all part our lips to speak but not everyone can speak life into you...We can all move our bodies to a beat but not everyone can become one with music, stir emotions and shift energy with dance...Point is: WE CAN all do something but Know your gifts, cultivate them and ALWAYS, ALWAYS BE YOURSELF! Then working together becomes effortless. Copies aren't accepted everywhere...ORIGINALS are eventually required!
You are the most important person in the world. Every single of you. Don’t let anybody tell you differently, okay?,
To Live In The Original Intention Of God Is To Chase Self Destruction Away
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Do you understand what I'm saying?"shouted Moist. "You can't just go around killing people!""Why Not? You Do." The golem lowered his arm."What?" snapped Moist. "I do not! Who told you that?""I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly."I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!""No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.
Why is luge a sport? You dress up like a giant sperm and go sledding really fast. That’s hardly athletic. Phallic and sexy, yes. But hardly athletic.
...So please, be tolerant of those who describe a sporting moment as their best ever. We do not lack imagination, nor have we had sad and barren lives; it is just that real life is paler, duller, and contains less potential for unexpected delirium.
Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.
I can’t believe I’ve missed this sport. It’s all about fingering holes and caressing balls.
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into an ever smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill-designed for the purpose
Yes, yes, I know all the jokes. What else could I have expected at Highbury? But I went to Chelsea and to Tottenham and to Rangers, and saw the same thing: that the natural state of a football fan is bitter disappointment, no matter what the score.
Why couldn't Rachel be a little more specific about the type of person she was? Goodness knew; if she were a hippie I'd talk to her about her drug experiences, the zodiac, tarot cards. If she were left-wing I'd look miserable, hate Greece, and eat baked beans straight from the tin. If she were the sporty type I'd play her at... chess and backgammon and things.
Tennis is the loneliest sport
Il segreto più profondo di Olimpia è racchiuso in quest'unica nota cristallina: lottare è un gioco, vivere è un gioco, morire è un gioco; profitti e perdite non sono che distinzioni passeggere, ma il gioco pretende tutte le nostre forze, e la sorte accetta, come posta, unicamente i nostri cuori.
Part of the art of bowling spin is to make the batsman think something special is happening when it isn't.
The minute you hesitate you are in trouble.
... and Brian Dooher is down injured. And while he is, I'll tell ye a little story. I was in Times Square in New York last week, and I was missing the Championship back home. So I approached a newsstand and I said 'I suppose you wouldn't have the Kerryman would you?' To which the Egyptian man behind the counter replied 'do you want the North Kerry edition or the South Kerry edition?'. He had both, so I bought both. And Dooher is back on his feet...
George Orwell famously described international sport as 'war minus the shooting'. But for all Orwell's greatness as a thinker, this was one of his least felicitous lines, analogous to 'murder minus the death' or 'life minus the breathing'.
 “Shut up!”  I say, laughing hysterically. Alice transforms back to an inanimate jade piece as I toss her. My aim is off and she plops into Morpheus’s tea, splattering him and the chessboard.With a graceful sweep of his hand, he retracts his magic. Tea drizzles down his face as his inky eyes turn up to mine, alight with something both dangerous and daring, shifting moods faster than I can blink. “Careful, plum.”  It’s his deep cockney accent now. He wipes his face with a napkin.  “Don’t start something you have no intention of finishing.”“Oh, I’ll finish it,”  I say—spurred by the dark confidence fluttering at the edge of my psyche. The side of me that knows I’m his match in every way.  “And you know I’ll win.”  I rise from my chair to scope out the room for weapons, vaguely aware of the prisms of glittery light reflected off my skin onto the surroundings. “I know I’ll let you win,”  Morpheus says, standing up.  “I won’t even put up a fight.”  His white-toothed smile spans to something forebodingly provocative, as though mimicking the spread of his wings.  “Well, perhaps a small one, just for sport.” 
I am not designed to come secondor third, I am designedto win.
In a spornographic age it’s no longer enough for the male body to be presented to us by consumerism as merely attractive, or desiring to be desired, as it was in the early days of nakedly narcissistic male metrosexuality. This masculine coquettish-ness, pleasing as it is, no longer offers an intense enough image. Or provokes enough lust. It’s just not very shocking or arousing any more. In fact, it’s just too… normal. To get our attention these days the sporting male body has to promise us nothing less than an immaculately groomed, waxed and pumped gang-bang in the showers.
As you travel around medieval England you will come across a sport described by some contemporaries as 'abominable ... more common, undignified and worthless than any other game, rarely ending but with some loss, accident or disadvantage to the players themselves'. This is football.
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.
Archie Henderson has won no awards, written no books and never played any representative sport. He was an under-11 tournament-winning tennis player as a boy, but left the game when he discovered rugby where he was one of the worst flyhalves he can remember. This did not prevent him from having opinions on most things in sport.His moment of glory came in 1970 when he predicted—correctly as it turned out—that Griquas would beat the Blue Bulls (then still the meekly named Noord-Transvaal) in the Currie Cup final. It is something for which he has never been forgiven by the powers-that-be at Loftus. Archie has played cricket in South Africa and India and gave the bowling term military medium a new and more pacifist interpretation. His greatest ambition was to score a century on Llandudno beach before the tide came in.
In this jersey I promise to play for the logo on the front, not the name on the back
Just remember, the difference between being good versus being great is just a few points, inches, or seconds.
I believe hurling is the best of us, one of the greatest and most beautiful expressions of what we can be. For me that is the perspective that death and loss cast on the game. If you could live again you would hurl more, because that is living. You'd pay less attention to the rows and the mortgage and the car and all the daily drudge. Hurling is our song and our verse, and when I walk in the graveyard in Cloyne and look at the familiar names on the headstones I know that their ownders would want us to hurl with more joy and more exuberance and more (as Frank Murphy used to tell us) abandon than before, because life is shorter than the second half of a tournament game that starts at dusk.
Körperliche Ertüchtigung ist sehr nützlich, aber das geistige Training ist ebenso wichtig.
Les hémorragies cérébrales sont moins fréquentes chez les amateurs et les joueurs de football que chez le reste de la population. Les cerveaux aussi.
There is nothing so momentary as a sporting achievement, and nothing so lasting as the memory of it.
Who but the sports-mad [Norman] Mailer would liken the battle between God and the Devil to a game of American football? The contest, for sure, has with [sic] own laws (so that after God and the Devil 'tackle a guy, they don't kick him in the head'), but each side is not above cheating—with God breaking the rules occasionally by throwing in 'a miracle'. Strangely, Mailer doesn’t mention Jesus in this agonising analogy, but then the notion of the 'super-sub' may be an image too far even for him.
There are a million-and-one ways to enjoy a day’s angling. Catching fish is but one of them.
Two hours later, a noise resembling a hippo rolling along a corrugated iron roof shook Jane from her doze and Rob bursts through the living room door.
I lost count of the number of referees who came to me both at Derby and Forest and said, 'I'd just like to express my thanks. I love matches involving your team. We never have any trouble with them.
Men spend their time in following a ball or a hare; it is the pleasure even of kings.
È sempre stata attribuita allo sport, in ogni epoca e soprattutto da ogni governo, un’importanza grandissima, per la buona ragione che lo sport intrattiene e obnubila e rimbecillisce le masse, e in primo luogo le dittature sanno bene perché sono sempre e in ogni caso favorevoli allo sport. Chi è per lo sport ha le masse a suo fianco, chi è per la cultura ha le masse contro, diceva mio nonno, e per questo tutti i governi sono sempre per lo sport e contro la cultura. Come ogni dittatura, anche la dittatura nazionalsocialista è diventata potente e quasi padrona del mondo servendosi dello sport di massa. In ogni epoca e in tutti gli Stati le masse vengono accalappiate mediante lo sport, e non c’è Stato che possa dirsi così piccolo e insignificante da non sacrificare tutto allo sport.
Une civilisation sans la Science, ce serait aussi absurde qu'un poisson sans bicyclette.
Voila bien la différence entre le singe et le footballeur. Le premier a trop de mains ou pas assez de pieds pour s'abaisser à jouer au football.
Mi hanno chiesto spesso, ovviamente, che cosa avrei fatto se non fossi diventato un calciatore. Non ne ho la più pallida idea. Forse sarei diventato un criminale.
Smile, tip your traditional hat, and enjoy your time by the water.
She felt the sun on her face, warming her after the months of snow and freezing temperatures. She took off her sweatshirt, tied it around her waist and ran in shorts and T-shirt... she needed some sunshine on her skin, and it felt exhilarating to stretch herself out. She flew alongside the raging river, the rhythm of her strides and the beating of her trainers on the path chasing out the gloomy thoughts that had become a part of her whole being, ingrained like dirt in the creases of her skin.
It never gets easier, you just get faster.
Not being intimidated has the power to intimidate.
Todo el mundo quería follarse a Tidiane. Era un hecho inevitable, le pasaba desde que era un muchacho, pero es que últimamente el acoso era más duro, tanto en la calle como en el campo, tanto fans quinceañeras como sus compañeros de juego.
Sports benefit the spectators the least.
I love to marvel at the abilities of elite athletes and, like most nonelites, I envy what they can do. But they should envy us too. Greatness is a burden, and there's a profound freedom in knowing you'll never have it. There's nothing like trying something new and sucking at it, then sucking a little less every day you keep at it. Until science makes it possible to get younger, getting fitter, faster, and better at what you love will remain the closest thing most of us have.
Angling is a sport, so sporting ethics should apply.
Our weakness is our opponent’s strength.
Walk while you can.
Parkour is a Free Running sport... if you can't fight well... parkour is there to safe you.
Even after Jason was met by so many defeats, he never said no to any situation. Jason Gesser moved on and on with his determination and willpower. Sticking around the Rose Bowl was something he couldn’t do for a while, but then he rose from all the downtrodden history and made a match for himself. He killed the whole game with his zeal and enthusiasm.Since then, he is known as the golden boy who has played through the cracked and the dislocated ribs with a severely sprained ankle during his Washington State Career. This was in the final and the biggest game. Gesser has been sacked around six times by the blitzing Oklahoma defense and has two passes in the game. Jason Gesser has played and won various games. He once completed 17 completions in 34 attempts for around 23 yards.
Stay cool, stay focused, learn from your failures and celebrate your success each time you have one. By doing these things, you're unstoppable.
It is naive to think that sport is above politics, that any kind of level playing field exists, or that sport allows the world to put its problems on hold.
I love the suffering that goes into the sport, to become the best.
It is better to go skiing and think of God, than go to church and think of sport.
Expecting defeat more than halves the potency of our effort, and more than quadruples that of our opponent’s effort.
The three-fold increase in obesity in less that a quarter of a century cannot be the result of genetic change in the population. Rather, it is the result of increased availability and consumption of food, coupled with decreased physical activity.
It’s an enemy that I can’t allow to wound me a second time. It’s already done enough damage: most of it hidden far from the surface.
I think too often we forget that girls can like sport; we are not biologically programmed to detest it, we are - in the main - conditioned against it. But shouldn’t we try to change that?
Compete vigorously and with passion in the face of uncertainty and intimidation.
You will never get the best out of anyone professionally unless you understand what motivates and makes them tick personally - as a human being
Britt-Marie moves out of the way as if the ball was trying to spit at her.
In interviews with riders that I've read and in conversations that I've had with them, the same thing always comes up: the best part was the suffering. In Amsterdam I once trained with a Canadian rider who was living in Holland. A notorious creampuff: in the sterile art of track racing he was Canadian champion in at least six disciplines, but when it came to toughing it out on the road he didn't have the character.The sky turned black, the water in the ditch rippled, a heavy storm broke loose. The Canadian sat up straight, raised his arms to heaven and shouted: 'Rain! Soak me! Ooh, rain, soak me, make me wet!'How can that be: suffering is suffering, isn't it?In 1910, Milan—San Remo was won by a rider who spent half an hour in a mountain hut, hiding from a snowstorm. Man, did he suffer!In 1919, Brussels—Amiens was won by a rider who rode the last forty kilometers with a flat front tire. Talk about suffering! He arrived at 11.30 at night, with a ninety-minute lead on the only other two riders who finished the race. The day had been like night, trees had whipped back and forth, farmers were blown back into their barns, there were hailstones, bomb craters from the war, crossroads where the gendarmes had run away, and riders had to climb onto one another's shoulders to wipe clean the muddied road signs.Oh, to have been a rider then. Because after the finish all the suffering turns into memories of pleasure, and the greater the suffering, the greater the pleasure. That is Nature's payback to riders for the homage they pay her by suffering. Velvet pillows, safari parks, sunglasses: people have become woolly mice. They still have bodies that can walk for five days and four nights through a desert of snow, without food, but they accept praise for having taken a one-hour bicycle ride. 'Good for you.' Instead of expressing their gratitude for the rain by getting wet, people walk around with umbrellas. Nature is an old lay with few suitors these days, and those who wish to make use of her charms she rewards passionately. That's why there are riders.Suffering you need; literature is baloney.
It is not over. Champions extend their limits and make things happen.
A tie is what you get after ice cubes have wrestled with hot water.
Success is a trophy, a title, something gained, attained or retained. Fulfilment, true happiness, contentment.... bliss is the gift of the self-realised. That is the real prize.
When I stopped taking drugs I got really depressed. I was struggling with life. It’s a bit chicken and egg. I was depressed because I’d stopped drinking and taking drugs, but I only drank and took drugs in the first place because I was depressed. Ultimately I’d rather be clean and depressed than on drugs and depressed. At least there’s a way out, and you’re reliant on your natural feelings – if you’re down you really are down; if you’re up, you are genuinely up.
Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.
A Star is always a star no matter what stage they are on or at
Godliness should characterize sports
With all my demons, and my mum away, and dad away, and the drink and drugs, the kids, the maintenance, the keeping fit, the obsessions, the depressions, in between all that I’ve managed to win four world titles, four UKs and four Masters. I don’t know how. I’ve won 24 ranking events, 10 Premier Leagues, more than 50 tournaments altogether. It’s not bad going for such a fuck-up!
Surely we want to get to a point where women can be strong and powerful and not sexy. Or only sexy when they feel like it, not as a requirement to getting media coverage or being valued.
Stadion je, jebem mu miša, nasušna potreba.Ako za to nema, za što uopće ima? Nećemo se valjda razbacivati aparatima za dijalizu? Ili obijesno kupovati nekakve, šta ja znam, solarneelektrane? Šta fali petrolejkama? I kakav je to hohštaplerski običaj da djeca u vrtićima užinaju ili da se u domovima umirovljenika svaki dan ruča i još, molim vas, svaka baba može uzeti kruha koliko hoće?Stadioni i sportske dvoraríe, to je žívot, To nama treba.
Angling is a recreation. It’s supposed to be fun.
Ma Gigi era doppiamente diverso: perché portava avanti certe idee in un ambiente che ne ha poche e poco ardite, cioè nell'ambiente dello sport; e perché le portava avanti con originalità, con profonda convinzione.
I’ve tried a number of religions and gurus in my time, including Buddhism, but ultimately they didn’t do as much for my peace of mind as snooker.
In business, sport, entertainment and beyond an idea is worth next to nothing. The energy, effort, passion, talent, tenacity, strategy, resilience and resourcefulness to see it through and make something of it is worth everything.
Running is an effort to escape from comfort zone.
Rest, refreshed and revived your soul.
Truth is a sport, and winner takes it all.
Being a football fan entitles us to a temporary, recurring retreat, a short holiday from real existence. Our lives can be in chaos and nothing seem fixed. Nothing except how we feel on a Saturday at 3pm, when we are elevated into blissful and infuriating distraction. What a privilege that is.
Mind sees world from various perspectives when body does long-distance running.
Software testing is a sport like hunting, it's bughunting.
Acceptance of the danger is of the essence for playing a quality sport.
Sportsman's Hall offered four sporting events: rat killing by a weasel, rat killing by a dog, rat killing by a man, and dogfighting.
It does not need to be perfect - or technically correct - to be magic
With a good music and a good dance, you enhance your physical, emotional, spiritual and mental well-being.
Sweat Is Just Fat Crying
I can only run the rate in which my heart beats.
It is the goings-on between bites that excites the traditional angler as much as when the float goes under.
there're are some things better than winning, like finishing with pride.
Every great athlete, artist and aspiring being has a great team to help them flourish and succeed - personally and professionally. Even the so-called 'solo star' has a strong supporting cast helping them shine, thrive and take flight.
Außerdem scheint es eine Beziehung zwischen ausgeprägtem Kohlenhydratentzug und Trainingsunlust zu geben.
Love yourself. Care for your body. You are God’s image.
Be X-elegant.
The problem is politics is made a sport, almost as much a sport as football or baseball. When it comes to politics, adults and politicians do more finger-pointing and play more games than children ever do. Too often are we rooting for the pride of a team rather than the good of the nation.
People used to recognize it as mood.Science has revealed it as cannabinoids.When you feel sad, just do long running.Then you will know that even mood can be governed.
Maybe exercise and sport can be something we do for ourselves. For fun! For Happiness! For clear thinking! Because physical activity should be something integral to our being alive. And it is the essential part that really concerns us here, not the bit about how many millimetres it might shave off your inside thigh measurements.
Don't expect others to hand success to you. Create it - with heart, energy and enterprise - and you'll make it come true
Love is a contact sport you were born to win.
Health is the greatest strength.
El ciclismo es un deporte de paciencia. “El ciclismo es rebañar el plato de tu rival antes de empezar con el tuyo”.
When it comes to carving out a unique niche in the over-congested world of football ‘personalities,’ Jürgen Norbert Klopp has it down.
He had won, easily. This was something else he could do, and do well, and his Dad had been there to witness his success.
Aufgabe des Ökonomen ist es nicht, über die grundsätzliche Wahrscheinlichkeit, mit der sportliche Talente die in sie gesetzten Erwartungen erfüllen, zu befinden, sondern ebendiese durch eine leistungsorientierte Vergütung zu erhöhen.
While the truth is putting on its shoes, the lie becomes a champion of a long-distance running.
Many think that the mark of a great champion is the nature and margin of their victories and the peaks they scale and reach. That’s only part of it. The mark of the greatest of champions is how they react and respond to defeat. That is when they become enshrined in our hearts and minds – as they rise again and into the immortal pages of history.
Life is an enduring race.
The best game ever played was in Monday 3/21/2016, 2 games were played for 40 minutes class sport and in both I win and I and my friend we were going on the 3 game, but unfortunately we didn't finished it. But from here it can be see that I'm the winner!
You can be beautiful and young even as you get older. Keep an active life.
All bodies are different, all bodies have their own individual way of reacting to the work we make them do.
Der Randsport ist gemessen am Massensport ein schweres Brot. Und wenn der Markt die Leistung einer Randsportart faktisch ignoriert, nichts davon wissen will, welche Qualen Kunstturnerinnen etwa leiden, lässt das aufhorchen, gibt das noch jedem Ökonomen der Welt zu denken.
He had won, easily. This was something else he could do, and do well, and his Dad had been there to witness his success.
When doing pole a woman cannot help but learn how to reach, extend, lean, stretch and follow through. She also learns, among other physical skills, to climb, two swing, to hold her own body weight, to balance and to invert. She encourages other women to grow in strength and confidence. A pole body may be lightly muscled but it is strong. It is not a static body either, it is creative and confident, all the things that we deplore as lacking, for women’s bodies, in cultural discourses and narratives.
Even though I was still running well, I didn’t feel good in myself. It’s funny: to the outside world I looked in great nick – healthy, trim, fit. Everybody was saying, you’re looking well, but I was in pieces. I wasn’t eating my way out of depression, but I was running my way out of my depression. But even the running didn’t always do the trick.
Wer um alles in der Welt konnte in Sportsachen schon gut aussehen?
Traditional angling is a mindset. So,have you set your mind?
You can begin to dream, to love, to dance, to read, to sing, to study, to paint, to teach, to draw, to swim, to exercise, to write….!
Exercise promotes positive self-image and good well-being.
Exercise daily to keep an active life.
Dancing every night enhances a positive energy.
The sunrise was the most amazing part of the day. The quiet of the block seemed even more silent when I watched the light make its way effortlessly into the world. Its serenity bathed itself in the rose colored light above bleeding into the sky. The road was vulnerable. The pink and the orange seeped onto the street and lit up my path, just for me. I saw it in front of my feet and it pulled me forward, my footsteps hitting the gravel. I wanted to run into it, to dive feet first and plunge into the harmony of my safe haven. It serenaded me into a calm sense of security. A calm idea that everything was just the way it was supposed to, and everything else, would always get better. Siempre mejorando.
Die ausgetretenen Pfade verlässt bloß, wer Randsportarten aufwertet, ohne dabei den Massensportarten Abtrag zu tun und sie unbotmäßig in Misskredit zu bringen.
For if we're destroyed, the knowledge is dead...We're nothing more than dust jackets for books...so many pages to a person...
ONE BUT MANYOne God, many faces.One family, many races.One truth, many paths.One heart, many complexions.One light, many reflections.One world, many imperfections.ONE.We are all one,But many.
It is hard to befool a fool who has already been fooled so many times
Social media shows us a very unrealistic face of everything. It makes you feel that you have thousands of friends when in reality, you don’t.
Many people see themselves as a rose, when all they are is just a prick.
Many past mistakes paves the road to future discoveries.
Which one is the truth, sir?Which period do you mean, son?
A key that opens many locks is worth buying. A lock that can be opened with many keys isn't.
In order to understand the universal perspective,first you have to know more than a version of truth.
Many mistakes makes for a very smart person.
I can guarantee you that my mistakes far outweigh my achievements because a single achievement is the fruition of many mistakes.
I was not one man only but the steady advance hour after hour of an army in close formation, in which there appeared, according to the moment, impassioned men, indifferent men, jealous men.
Imagine, if you will:A bright yellow star lit the darkness somewhere in deep space, accompanied by its rather dysfunctional family of nine deceptively ordinary-looking planets. During its enormously long lifetime many beings had named it from the far ends of distant telescopes, including it into numerous star clusters and constellations as they were perceived from their vantage points. Once, or maybe twice, creatures simply looked up into their own skies to name it from their own now long dead and deserted worlds. In more recent times, beings from a world that orbited a different sun far away gave it a name too – creatures that called themselves Human, who travelled here and settled on one of its inner planets. The planet they chose to make a new home on? They called that Deanna. They called the star Ramalama.
I gave up many times but I never quit.
Understanding why so many western women are giving birth to unnaturally large babies that either damage the birth canal or will not fit down it is one of the greatest challenges to modern medicine.
Nightmares appear many times before your dream.
There has never been a time in human history where so many people routinely carry recording and surveillance devices.
A lot of visions remain visions and never come to realization
The USA is corrupt in many areas with law enforcement and utility companies being two of those.
Life is a whole assuption of many meanings.
So many thinkers, so few doers.
Wengi midomo yao ndiyo inayoongea, si wao!
If you cannot peacefully coexist with many different cultures and beliefs, then you should probably not be living in the USA.
Passion belongs to nothing and reason belong to many things that’s why reason it is better than passion.
If you want to embarrass OSHA, ask this question: How many complaints do you receive and how many do you uphold?
What is truly real is Consciousness, because it is One, always was and always will be. The universes and you come and go. There are Many, so they must be temporary illusions. Only One exists in the eternity of the Now and, therefore, only One is real, by Gardener.
Vedantas The truth is one, but the wise men know it as many; God is one, but we can approach Him/Her in many ways.
A merciful heart beats contently stronger than many vengeful ones
For the mind, there is no true separation from God. Even though it looks like you are separated, you are always connected. God or Consciousness is always a whole, it is One. In manifestation, you create Many, by Gardener.
Nitrogen gas has killed and maimed many people.
If someone is really close with you, your getting upset or them getting upset is okay, and they don’t change because of it. It’s just part of the relationship. It happens. You deal with it.
But if you do know what is taught by plants and weather, you are in on the gossip and can feel truly at home. The sum of a field's forces [become] what we call very loosely the 'spirit of the place.' To know the spirit of a place is to realize that you are a part of a part and that the whole is made or parts, each of which in a whole. You start with the part you are whole in.
We do not always remember the things that do no credit to us. We justify them, cover them in bright lies or with the thick dust of forgetfulness. All of the things that Shadow had done in his life of which he was not proud, all the things he wished he had done otherwise or left undone, came at him then in a swirling storm of guilt and regret and shame, and he had nowhere to hide from them. He was as naked and as open as a corpse on a table, and dark Anubis the jackal god was his prosector and his prosecutor and his persecutor.
Shall I part my hair behind? Do I dare to eat a peach?
If we must part forever,Give me but one kind word to think uponand please myself with, while my heart's breaking.
By accepting the process of letting go, we make people and things that we can’t stay with forever a part of our history.
The last and most important part of communication is the ability to say ‘no’.
Suffering is a part of real life lesson.
Nothing is part of everything.
Death is a part of Life, they are dancing together the dance of infinity in front of the gates of Time. We can live our dreams as we are dreaming our future. Time is the Endless Consciousness
Digressions are part of harmony, deviations too.
A little piece of everywhere I go becomes a big part of everything I do.
For it is not needful, to use a common proverb, that one should drink up the ocean who wishes to learn that its water is salt.
I could forget that part, but it had to have been true.
The horrible thing about the Two Minutes Hate was not that one was obliged to act a part, but that it was impossible to avoid joining in.
But for many people, a huge part of the energy goes into the struggle with complexes, fear, worries, anxiety, and the energy cannot be used to achieve goals and dreams
You must know your part in the body of Christ and play it
Your coming to Christ is not for you to fill up the seats or to take part in rites
We must play our part and do all we can to multiply the people of God
God cares about even the least part of us
Normally, 'nature' means plants, animals, the scenery, and additional aspects and products of the world, in opposition to humans or human creations. But, I think we, the humans, are not in opposition; we are not only the 'part' of nature, we 'are' nature!
Everybody has his parts in God’s plan
The struggle is part of your story but Everything will be in place in the right situation at a perfect time.
Marriage: In India a fact . In other parts of the world an obsession.
You do your part, son; the rest will come right.
যখন তুমি সুখী থাকো, তখন তুমি নিজেকে প্রশ্ন করো না- কেন আমি সুখী বা কেন আমার জীবনে সুখ আসে? একইভাবে, যখন তুমি দুঃখী থাকো, তোমার নিজেকে প্রশ্ন করা উচিৎ নয়- কেন আমি দুঃখী বা কেন দুঃখ ছায়ার মত আমার জীবনে আসে? সুখ আর দুঃখ উভয়কেই জীবনের অবিচ্ছেদ্য অংশ হিসেবে গ্রহণ করো এবং তোমার জীবন স্বাচ্ছন্দ্যময় হবে!
The government of any nation always represents the most corrupt part of a nation
সাধারণত, ‘প্রকৃতি’ মানে গাছপালা, জীবজন্তু, দৃশ্যপট ও অন্যান্য উপাদান এবং উৎপন্নদ্রব্যকে বোঝায় যেসবের অবস্থান মানুষের বিপরীতে। কিন্তু, আমার মনে হয় আমরা, মানুষরা, বিরুদ্ধে নই; আমরা কেবল প্রকৃতির অংশই নই, আমরাও প্রকৃতি!
No one else can have the part of me I gave to you.
The part you are responsible for is the part you are
You will receive most when you will expect least.
Patience and perseverance are the two most important rules that you must always keep in mind.
The last and most important part of communication is the ability to say ‘no’.
Even the most intense feelings cease when neglected and taken for granted.
How many men with a microphone can tell you what he loves the most?
The most dangerous thing in life is an incompetent that has been given a gun and a law enforcement badge.
A tree house, to me, is the most royal palace in the world
The most beautiful and painful experiences can only be felt,they cannot be expressed or explained.
Sometimes when you love someone so deeply, that is the thing that hurts the most.
Sometimes, things you crave the most are the things you need the least.
Most people do not realize that they are one car crash away from death.
Most things in life are like a cake, have excess of it and you get sick of it.
At the age of 45, most days in Tucson were spent feeling like I was on the summit of Mauna Kea, as I was exhibiting debilitating health symptoms that corresponded to what I saw at very high altitude. I was later to find that I had erratic low blood oxygen levels after almost a decade of high altitude work.
Njegova kapija je srce mosta koji je srce ove kasabe koja svakom mora da ostane u srcu.
Neke stvari traju, pomislila je. Hridi, rijeke, stari natkriveni mostovi. A neke stvari ne traju. Vrele kolovoške noći i sve što sa sobom nose. Izmiču nam, pa idemo dalje bez njih, naposljetku umremo i nema nam traga.
Relatives are most likely the people who are going to hurt ya.
The finest piece of mechanism in all the universe is the brain of man. The wise person develops his brain and opens his mind to the genius and spirit of the world's greatest ideas. He will fell inspired with the purest and noblest thoughts that have ever animated the spirit of humanity.
Tako su se obnavljali naraštaji pored mosta, a on je kao prašinu stresao sa sebe sve tragove koje su na njemu ostavljale prolazne ljudske ćudi ili potrebe, i ostajao je posle svega nepromenljiv.
Life is the most boring epiphany.
The most important thing that a human must do in order to maintain good health is to be aware of the environment that they grew up in and to keep it throughout life.
Some of the most corrupt people that you will meet in life are working in corporate government law enforcement. They make criminals look like amateurs.
The original KDF-wagen as it was called was basic and rudimentary, but essentially the same as the later post war production cars that followed. Features of this vehicle included cable operated brakes (!!) and a tiny 800cc flat four motor with a single exhaust, 16 inch tires and the KDF twin glove compartment (without lids) dash.Oh, and last but not least – probably the most famous and sought-after rear window in automotive history!
The most important thing is not to achieve success, but to keep it so that it would be stable
Sometimes I feel I am losing my words but then I realize they were never with me when I needed them the most.
A confused mind tends to be the most creative.
You aren't worthless, you're beautiful and your tiny heart deserves to be touched in the most gentle of ways.
I am the most famous scientist that you have never heard of.
I am one of the most dangerous people to the solar industry.
Working as a manager in the Ivy League was the most demoralizing experience that I ever had in the workplace.
Scientific discovery is the most potent weapon of mass destruction (WMD).
Human psychology is the most mysterious thing in the world.
Walking through life, we spend most of our energy choosing the right shoes.
If we're honest, most of us are doing okay.
When it is a law abiding common person versus the police internal affairs regarding a corrupt or incompetent police officer, the statistics show that it is the common person that most frequently loses.
Deceivers are the most hideous creatures in the world
She asked him, to name the monster that he is most afraid of always and looked into his eyes in silence. 'I see him every time whenever I stare into your eyes.' he replied.
Police internal affairs is amongst the most corrupt departments that you will find in governments.
Many people know they're working, but not what they're working.
We reflect God's character the most when we give freely of ourselves with no strings attached, no secret motives, no hidden agenda.
David cuts through all the many needs, wants, and desires that may have been bouncing around inside him and essentially says, "If I could have only one thing, I want to be with God, to be in His presence, to know that he is always with me." Whether in good times or bad times, David knew the thing he needed most: to feel God's presence close by, intimately, through worship.
Most of us are living at a pace that is not only unsustainable; it's also unbiblical.
29. Most loneliness results from insulation rather than isolation. In other words, we are lonely because we insulate ourselves, not because others isolate us.
10. Comparison is the root of all feelings of inferiority. The moment you begin examining other people’s strengths against your most obvious weaknesses, your self-esteem starts to crumble!
Most politicians are corrupt as they do not represent the masses that voted for them, but rather they choose to return numerous favors to the corporations that funded their election campaigns.
Your most precious memories will focus on those you loved, those who loved you, and what you did together in the service of the Lord.
Dr. Richard Selzer is a surgeon and a favorite author of mine. He writes the most beautiful and compassionate descriptions of his patients and the human dramas they confront. In his book Letters to a Young Doctor, he said that most young people seem to be protected for a time by an imaginary membrane that shields them from horror. They walk in it every day but are hardly aware of its presence. As the immune system protects the human body from the unseen threat of harmful bacteria, so this mythical membrane guards them from life-threatening situations. Not every young person has this protection, of course, because children do die of cancer, congenital heart problems, and other disorders. But most of them are shielded—and don’t realize it. Then, as years roll by, one day it happens. Without warning, the membrane tears, and horror seeps into a person’s life or into the life of a loved one. It is at this moment that an unexpected theological crisis presents itself.
Police officers are among the most corrupt people that I have encountered in life.
God's blessings, however, aren't always bigger, better, and beautiful. In fact, I truly believe that God gifts His chosen leaders with a very unusual blessing. You might even call it a weird blessing because most of the time we call it...a burden.
One of the most breathtaking concepts in all of Scripture is the revelation that God knows each of us personally and that we are in His mind both day and night. There is simply no way to comprehend the full implications of His love by the King of kings and Lord of lords. He is all-powerful and all-knowing, majestic and holy, from everlasting to everlasting. Why would He care about us—about our needs, our welfare, our fears? We have been discussing situations in which God doesn’t make sense. His concern for us mere mortals is the most inexplicable of all.
She said, "Right now, while we have this time, I'm not going to do any of that other stuff. I'm going to seize this moment and simply enjoy being with Jesus while I can." Mary made a deliberate choice. She wasn't being lazy and using company as an excuse to get out of helping her sister with chores. She was choosing to focus on what mattered the most.
If I say the truth in most cases you will get angry in the others you will just change the topic like nothing has ever happen.
In order to honor God with your wealth, you first have to admit that you are rich. Most people won't do that. It's not normal.
My Universe, crashing into yours, was the most beautiful accident this creation had ever witnessed.
Most of all, we remain focused on our Rock that never moves.
When it's clear that we have a commitment to God that comes before anything else in our lives, most people will respect us even if they don't share our faith.
As a sea level adapted human, I am more fearful about the radiation levels on top of high altitude mountains, mile high modern cities and inside jet aircraft than from nuclear reactors and bombs, as that is where I get the most radiation exposures in the modern world.
Fueled by faith and passion for our true priorities we're going to drive against traffic in order to find rest, refreshment, and time for what matters most in life.
If we're honest with ourselves, most of us know the one thing we lack.
Most of us think we're too busy or too important to rest for a day.
God always knows the most excellent path
i felt her absence. it was like waking up one day with no teeth in your mouth. you wouldn't need to run to the mirror to know they were gone
Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.
Hello, Max," he said quietly, searching my face. "How do you feel?"Which was a ten on the "imbecilic question" scale of one to ten. Why, I feel fine, Jeb," I said brightly. "How about you?"Any nausea? Headache?" Yep. And it's standing here talking to me.
Why is love beyond all measure of other human possibilities so rich and such a sweet burden for the one who has been struck by it? Because we change ourselves into that which we love, and yet remain ourselves. Then we would like to thank the beloved, but find nothing that would do it adequately. We can only be thankful to ourselves. Love transforms gratitude into faithfulness to ourselves and into an unconditional faith in the Other. Thus love steadily expands its most intimate secret. Closeness here is existence in the greatest distance from the other- the distance that allows nothing to dissolve - but rather presents the “thou” in the transparent, but “incomprehensible” revelation of the “just there”. That the presence of the other breaks into our own life - this is what no feeling can fully encompass. Human fate gives itself to human fate, and it is the task of pure love to keep this self-surrender as vital as on the first day.
Hospitality means primarily the creation of free space where the stranger can enter and become a friend instead of an enemy. Hospitality is not to change people, but to offer them space where change can take place. It is not to bring men and women over to our side, but to offer freedom not disturbed by dividing lines.
She had no time for sleep, with the weight of the world upon her shoulders. And she feared to dream. Sleep is a little death, dreams the whisperings of the Other, who would drag us all into his eternal night.
Si vous êtes pris dans le rêve de l‘autre; vous êtez foutus.
He would make a lovely corpse.
Of course all such conclusions about appropriate actions against the rich and powerful are based on a fundamental flaw: This is us, and that is them. This crucial principle, deeply embedded in Western culture, suffices to undermine even the most precise analogy and the most impeccable reasoning.
But being the mirrors for each other's souls has a cost: by the time they part from each other, the individuals in the mating pair have become indistinguishable. Before their merger, they each yearned for the other; as they part, they part from the self. The very quality that attracted them to each other is also, inevitably, destroyed in their union.
[O]ver the years I travelled to another universe. However alert we are, however much we think we know what will happen, antiquity remains an unknown, unanticipated galaxy. It is alien, and old people are a separate form of life. They have green skin, with two heads that sprout antennae. They can be pleasant, they can be annoying--in the supermarket, these old ladies won't get out of my way--but most important they are permanently other. When we turn eighty, we understand that we are extraterrestrial. If we forget for a moment that we are old, we are reminded when we try to stand up, or when we encounter someone young, who appears to observe green skin, extra heads, and protuberances.
He wondered about himself (whether he was broken, or special, or better, or worse) and about other people (whether they were really all as stupid as they seemed).
It is critical to note that our biases against the other are empowered less by our assumptions of their otherness and more by our assumptions about our own normality.
We are the other of the other
The fact is, that for the Huichol, and for all those who refuse, who are in flight, words and things are precisely what language does not speak about. Language is a natural act which implies belonging. He who exists, speaks. He who does not speak, does not exist. He has no place in the world. The Huichol language is Huichol to the same degree as the Huichol earth, the Huichol sky, religion, tattooing, dress, the peyoteros' hat. It is not enough to pronounce the syllables of the Huichol language to be Huichol. That is obvious.
The magnificence of such objects hardly pertains to the human. They live only in a world of icons and there they participate in rituals which transmute life itself to a series of grand gestures, as moving as they are absurd.
They were laughing and their hair was shining like leaves in moonlight, their limbs long as saplings. I thought, Girls are magical at this phase, girls are invincible, nothing can touch them. I didn’t think ‘us’ because I didn’t feel that; I felt other, on the outside, watching them.
It is in the shelter of each other that the people live. -Irish proverb
Some of these things I understand, some I do not. It makes no difference. The discussions give me an excuse to talk to him, fatherly conversations I cannot have with my father, who would like me to be a lawyer.
Shiny happy people don’t hold guns in their laps that way.
...to create a sense of belonging takes dedicated time and space to listen and to care for each other, whether we are talking about the extended family, a nuclear family, a couple or friends. -Isla Crawford
Language is for itself the order of the Same. The world is its Other. The attestation of this otherness arises from language's reflexivity with regard to itself, whereby it knows itself as being in being in order to bear on being.
What is the nature of Othering's comfort, its allure, its power (social, psychological, or economical)? Is it the thrill of belonging - which implies being part of something bigger than one's solo self, and therefore stronger? My initial view leans toward the social/psychological need for a "stranger," an Other in order to define the estranged self (the crowd seeker is always the lonely one).
Newyear is the other name of a dreamful future
Although we may have different views, let us continue to forgive, love and respect each other
When I was a kid, growing up during the 1970s, I used to read a lot of horror and science fiction. I graduated from comic books to paperbacks around the time I first entered my teens. And I want to say that what 99% of that stuff tells you about supposed encounters with the unknown is a formulaic convention. No one faints like a chicken-shit or else reaches for their weapon like Arnie Schwarzenegger in the face of something so utterly terrifying there isn’t even a name for it. What those writers don’t know is what happens in an encounter with the outside is this: that the moment slows down to such an extent that time itself simply stands still in your head. I suppose that fact doesn’t make for good characterisation. It’s incommunicable. I think they call it the numinous.I once did a semester in creative writing back after graduating, around the decade King was outselling every other author on the planet, but could never make the grade. Still, I read a lot of the best attempts. Maybe that’s why someone like Lovecraft, or Machen, or one of the old-school writers of that stuff I used to read had almost pulled it off. They were no good at characterisation and tended to use ciphers, presenting the phenomenon itself as the main protagonist, because it was the way things are when you encounter it. The thing empties you, draining out any semblance of normalcy, no matter what your history is, or what you think you’re all about. Real horror consists not of the worst thing in the world you can imagine happening, but in encountering some abomination you cannot possibly imagine, something even worse than fear: a shard of absolute outsideness. Human characters become shadows, just shadows.
The Doktor was an old man. When he was a kid, his Dad bought him a chemistry set. He never played with silly putty like the other kids. The first time he lost his eyebrows he was only five.
...(I)t can be stated that the spread of the ideology connecting Africa and black people in general with the Jews has been spectacular. It arose in the European and Middle Eastern imagination in the early Middle Ages and may be attributed in part to the ignorance of much of the world brought about by the breakdown of communications between the Islamic Middle East and what lay beyond it and Christian Europe. It became an axiomatic feature of medieval thinking about the world. It was used, exploited, and reinvented by colonialism in many distinct places in Africa, where it served missionary and colonial interests. The construction of Jewish and Israelite racial and cultural identities was an innate feature of Western colonialism throughout the world. Jews were constructed everywhere--not only in Africa but in Great Britain. The invention or discovery of Israelites reinforced the idea of Europe by providing Europe with a limitless periphery of known and understood racial others. The re-racialization of the world using the Bible as a road map may be seen as an overreliance on the one ethnography, often the one book, that missionaries were familiar with but also as an attempt to "other" the unknown worlds of Africa and Asia with a known, trusted, and malleable "other" of Europe. This discourse is a potent and immanent aspect of the imagined past and the lived present of a surprising number of black Africans and African Americans, as well as millions of other people.
The difference between self love and being in love with yourself is that one results in giving and the other in taking.
Balanced at the top of the hillDo I explore the other side
The grass always seems greener on the other side of the fence. Many politicians promise green, green grass by blending niceties with delusion and by using alluring confidence tricks. They voice attractive tales and tell things, people like to hear. But the post-factual grassland often appears to be parched and barren. ("The grass was greener over there")
25. Whenever two human beings spend time together, sooner or later they will probably irritate one another. This is true of best friends, married couples, parents and children, or teachers and students. The question is: How do they respond when friction occurs? There are four basic ways they can react:•	They can internalize the anger and send it downward into a memory bank that never forgets. This creates great pressure within and can even result in disease and other problems.•	They can pout and be rude without discussing the issues. This further irritates the other person and leaves him or her to draw his or her own conclusions about what the problem may be.•	They can blow up and try to hurt the other person. This causes the death of friendships, marriages, homes, and businesses.•	Or they can talk to one another about their feelings, being very careful not to attack the dignity and worth of the other person. This approach often leads to permanent and healthy relationships.
You cannot control what other people do, only how you react to it.
The mistakes of the world are warning message for you.
Marriage: In India a fact . In other parts of the world an obsession.
Some humans are so consumed with trying to control the outcomes of their own lives that they don’t have any idea the part they play in the outcome of someone else’s.
34. Sexual contact between a boy and a girl is a progressive thing. In other words, the amount of touching and caressing and kissing that occurs in the early days tends to increase as they become more familiar and at ease with one another. Likewise, the amount of contact necessary to excite one another increases day by day, leading in many cases to an ultimate act of sin and its inevitable consequence. This progression must be consciously resisted by Christian young people who want to serve God and live by His standards. They can resist this trend by placing deliberate controls on the physical aspect of their relationship, right from the first date.
21. Take in a great breath of air and then blow it out. Contained in that single breath were at least three nitrogen atoms that were breathed by every human being who ever lived, including Jesus Christ, William Shakespeare, Winston Churchill, and every president of the United States. This illustrates the fact that everything we do affects other people, positively or negatively. That’s why it is foolish to say, “Do your own thing if it doesn’t hurt anybody else.” Everything we do affects other people.
Aren’t you coming with us?”I feel his hand on my cheek. I know what this means and I slap his hand away.“You’re coming with us, Evan,” I say.“There’s something I have to do.”“That’s right.” My hand flails for his in the dark. I find it and pull hard. “You have to come with us.”“I’ll find you, Cassie. Don’t I always find you? I—”“Don’t, Evan. You don’t know you’ll be able to find me.”“Cassie.” I don’t like the way he says my name. His voice is too soft, too sad, too much like a good-bye voice. “I was wrong when I said I was both and neither. I can’t be; I know that now. I have to choose.”“Wait a minute,” Ben says. “Cassie, this guy is one of them?”“It’s complicated,” I answer. “We’ll go over it later.” I grab Evan’s hand in both of mine and press it against my chest. “Don’t leave me again.”“You left  me,  remember?” He spreads his fingers over my heart, like he’s holding it, like it belongs to him, the hard-fought-for territory he’s won fair and square.I give in. What am I going to do, put a gun to his head?  He’s gotten this far,  I tell myself.  He’ll get the rest of the way. “What’s due north?” I ask, pushing against his fingers.“I don’t know. But it’s the shortest path to the farthest spot.”“The farthest spot from what?”“From here. Wait for the plane. When the plane takes off, run. Ben, do you think you can run?”“I think so.”“Run fast?”“Yes.” He doesn’t sound too confident about it, though.“Wait for the plane,” Evan whispers. “Don’t forget.”He kisses me hard on the mouth, and then the stairwell goes all Evanless.
They were afraid the longer we pretended to be human, the more human we would become.”“And who would want that?”“I didn’t think I would,” he admits. “Until I became one.”“When you…‘woke up’ in Evan?”He shakes his head and says simply, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world, “When I woke up in you, Cassie. I wasn’t fully human until I saw myself in your eyes.”And then there are real human tears in his real human eyes, and it’s my turn to hold him while his heart breaks. My turn to see myself in his eyes.Somebody might say that I’m not the only one lying in the enemy’s arms.I am humanity, but who is Evan Walker? Human and Other. Both and neither. By loving me, he belongs to no one.He doesn’t see it that way.
Others may predict my future but only I can determine my destiny.
29. Most loneliness results from insulation rather than isolation. In other words, we are lonely because we insulate ourselves, not because others isolate us.
But just as your body needs sleep, your soul needs time to rest in God. To learn more about Him. To talk to Him. To worship and praise Him. To fellowship with other brothers and sisters.
You know who you are. You have always been other.
In a negotiation, we must find a solution that pleases everyone, because no one accepts that they MUST lose and that the other MUST win… Both MUST win!
The sacrifice ‘of’ self for the greater good is the greatest calling imaginable, and it is the bedrock of the greatest nations. The sacrifice ‘for’ self is the most pathetic calling imaginable, and it is the quicksand within which nations perish.
She said, "Right now, while we have this time, I'm not going to do any of that other stuff. I'm going to seize this moment and simply enjoy being with Jesus while I can." Mary made a deliberate choice. She wasn't being lazy and using company as an excuse to get out of helping her sister with chores. She was choosing to focus on what mattered the most.
Advocacy groups in the USA, as in other countries, may not be able to silence this hateful, cowardly and deceitful attack upon people’s humanity – but they can put out the correct, factual, scientifically and medically accurate information in an attempt to counter the ignorance and to restore the balance.
I am the other.
The Imperial Senate, ever conscious of the weight of public opinion resting on the tip of the pencil come voting day, wanted to be fair and just – or at least appear that way. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, there was little love lost between Imperial troops and the locals who viewed each other with little short of open hostility, and often through the sighting devices attached to weaponry of various diverse descriptions.
On the other hand, when you do something for someone else, there's often a greater, deeper satisfaction.
Time did exist here, in small amounts (well some of the time) – and there were feint eddies and currents of time here, things that were barely tangible. Feint forces of the universe they were, nearly indiscernible from the nothingness like a warm breeze on a hot summer night. How long he had been here, he knew not – but he was slowly learning to master these barely tangible waves like a new surfer with one foot on the sandy beach and the other on a shiny new board of Hatred. Revenge splashed around his feet like the cold waves of the ocean of Time. Nearby, two other inmates collided with each other, bounced apart spread-eagled and spiraled off into the distance in infinite slowness. The Wetsuit of Insanity clung to his spiritual body, isolating him from the timelessness that seemed to exist here. A wind of Change blew at him from behind and he pushed off from the beach with iron determination and a mental clarity hereto before unknown to him. Something in the microcosm that didn’t even have a name went ‘bling’ and against all the laws of probability, Brad Xyl opened his eyes.
What's make you think that people will other type of clothes are special??I can go to the shop buy such clothes and what??? Now I am important??
The power to define the other seals one's definition of oneself.
One works hard to prop up an illusion that sucks the life out of them, and the other works hard to make their home a place that restores them, nurtures them, and gives life to others.
RSL has more star-liners than any other company, and covers every commercial route in known space. Demeter is one of the biggest, carrying up to 4500 passengers and crew at any single point on its never-ending, circular cruise around the Terran Empire. And me? Where do I fit in? My name is Sean Lange, and you will probably have never heard of me. It’s sad somehow, I always wanted to leave some kind of a legacy in this life, and perhaps to be remembered. Instead, circumstances have arranged it so that this is probably the last time I will ever use that name.
Meradinis! Turtle Island! It was a little corner of chaos!This was the scene the speeding black ship had left behind three days ago, fleeing in humiliating shame, those three days a constant running battle. For three days the accursed Imperial ship Indomitable had followed, firing on them at every opportunity. Death or imprisonment now awaited those who called themselves Corsairs – and though this death was now more certain rather than just a possibility, Sona Kilroy, or “The Hammer” as he was called by his men, was not prepared to give up his freedom so easily. Piracy was his life and he’d known no other. He was tough and cruel, a despicable man, a case in point when academics quoted the barbarism by which the Corsairs had made themselves known and feared across the star systems of the peaceful Terran Empire.
Looks like they went crazy and started cacking each other.’ Lisa said to me as we walked through the ship, searching for a single survivor. There were what looked to be barricades in the corridors. The elevator doors were shot through from the inside. So were the sides and the roof!
Nobody seems to know which came first; egg or chicken – except of course for agents of the Time Saving Agency – who can find out anything about, well – anything. The only trouble is, they aren’t talking – however, you can take it from me – they know. The answer to these and other puzzles are kept safe and secure behind fire-walls and thick security doors secured with, er – time-locks, where one could possibly find answers to many other troubling questions, and not all of them necessarily relating to chickens.
Moments later, Sona Kilroy, heading for the open doorway, stepped over the sergeant’s body. With an old auto-rifle in his left hand and his favorite sword in the other, and the sharp melodic din of bolts and bullets ringing in his ears, ‘the Hammer’ grinned an evil grin to himself, well pleased. He wished he could’ve seen the look on the face of Indomitable’s captain when he realized the tables had just been turned on him! The thought amused him. It was bloody hilarious. He cackled, reveling in this complete reversal of fortune. Then he stalked onward with conviction, a grim smile on his lips – intent on taking the ship for himself. * * *
Behind every successful fortune there is a crime.
Every sunset is an opportunity to reset.
Every woman should have a purse of her own.
The sun loves the moon so much that he dies every night to let her breathe, and in return, she reflects his love.
Every revolution begins with one voice crying in the wilderness.
Every expert began as an amateur.
Dr. Richard Selzer is a surgeon and a favorite author of mine. He writes the most beautiful and compassionate descriptions of his patients and the human dramas they confront. In his book Letters to a Young Doctor, he said that most young people seem to be protected for a time by an imaginary membrane that shields them from horror. They walk in it every day but are hardly aware of its presence. As the immune system protects the human body from the unseen threat of harmful bacteria, so this mythical membrane guards them from life-threatening situations. Not every young person has this protection, of course, because children do die of cancer, congenital heart problems, and other disorders. But most of them are shielded—and don’t realize it. Then, as years roll by, one day it happens. Without warning, the membrane tears, and horror seeps into a person’s life or into the life of a loved one. It is at this moment that an unexpected theological crisis presents itself.
Installing massive amounts of wireless devices into every city may eventually be proven to be a global weather modification system.
He knows every hair on your head, and he sees every tear you shed.
21. Take in a great breath of air and then blow it out. Contained in that single breath were at least three nitrogen atoms that were breathed by every human being who ever lived, including Jesus Christ, William Shakespeare, Winston Churchill, and every president of the United States. This illustrates the fact that everything we do affects other people, positively or negatively. That’s why it is foolish to say, “Do your own thing if it doesn’t hurt anybody else.” Everything we do affects other people.
In fact, if our kids are successful in every normal way, they can still miss God's main mark.
Never give up in life, give your whole hearted try to every challenge coming your way even though the challenge seems impossible and much beyond your reach and potential.
Every political mean is imperfect.
For every principle there is a value
Every Christian has their place in the body of Christ
I have come to the conclusion that the internet claims that fecal matter is in every part of the human body.
Meradinis! Turtle Island! It was a little corner of chaos!This was the scene the speeding black ship had left behind three days ago, fleeing in humiliating shame, those three days a constant running battle. For three days the accursed Imperial ship Indomitable had followed, firing on them at every opportunity. Death or imprisonment now awaited those who called themselves Corsairs – and though this death was now more certain rather than just a possibility, Sona Kilroy, or “The Hammer” as he was called by his men, was not prepared to give up his freedom so easily. Piracy was his life and he’d known no other. He was tough and cruel, a despicable man, a case in point when academics quoted the barbarism by which the Corsairs had made themselves known and feared across the star systems of the peaceful Terran Empire.
Extreme measures bring extreme results. If you want a normal life, do what normal people do. If you want to know God intimately, walk with Him daily, and please Him in every way, you're going to have to do what few do. Absolutely nothing.
Training is an active, dynamic process lived out daily in all areas of life- not a rote exercise in memorizing verses and going to church every week.
Just because opportunities present themselves doesn't mean you should accept every one of them. It's not realistic, and it's also not wise.
Every work begins with a search
The knowledge of the purpose of the success that you receive by grace in every area will keep us from pride and the love of money
It is impossible to credit one gender with every good and perfect gift without slighting the other. That’s what extreme diversity does to us.
The thoughts that you will never make it comes to every person who ever did something great in their lives
Cool. Now get out, both of you. We have dinner in a little while, and I want to finish my book.” Kade’s smile was fleeting. “I never did like to leave a story unfinished.
The truth is that everyday and everyone is different. We just like to think that they aren't.
The bulkheads were close together, the ceilings low above their helmets. Not much space in there to waste aboard the older ships. Every millimeter of plating cost money in the old days, before the New Economic System usurped the old. Every possible bit of space went to the carrying of cargo, or ‘payload’ as it was called.
Every Storm Falters. Every Sun Breaks.
You see every day of life as a bonus once you have inner peace.
Every beloved is a magician.
Be the one who nurtures and builds. Be the one who has an understanding and a forgiving heart one who looks for the best in people. Leave people better than you found them.
Individually, every grain of sand brushing against my hands represents a story, an experience, and a block for me to build upon for the next generation.
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.
He must trust, and he must have faith. And so he builds, because what is building, and rebuilding and rebuilding again, but an act of faith?
She will not come back, but her beauty, her voice, will echo until the end of time. She believed in something beyond herself, and her death gave her voice power it didn’t have in life. She was pure, like your father. We, you and I” — he touches my chest with the back of his index finger — “are dirty. We are made for blood. Rough hands. Dirty hearts. We are lesser creatures in the grand scheme of things, but without us men of war, no one except those of Lykos would hear Eo’s song. Without our rough hands, the dreams of the pure hearts would never be built.
I was so blessed. The first person I gave my heart to was an angel who plucked the feathers off his wings and built a nest for it.
If you drop the weight you are carrying, it is okay. You can build yourself back up out of the pieces.
If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.
Momentum builds success.
Self-mentoring, thus, is advisable for individuals who love the idea of growing, nurturing and building their life without any outside influence.
When life puts rocks in your way, build something nice with them.
Am I shattered enough already,or am Ishattering? (And when do I start to build?)
Creativity isn’t finding something new. It is rearranging what you already know into a new mold.
We were put on this magical planet, not to dominate and consume her, but to care for her and love her. To harrow gently. To harvest gratefully. To build reasonably.
In order to build any structure, we should keep a close tab on its daily, weekly, and monthly progress. Unless we religiously follow all the steps, chances are that the structure will not meet our expectations.
Constituation is build up on missguided conduct + manipulation.
Only the people can build their Nation individually and collectively. It is a sign that we are sick when we trust a select few to build our nation for us.
The prophetic gift represents the Father's will and lays out the pattern.
The end side of the argument is that life is build upon arrogance and hypocricity.
Our struggles build us up!
A true gift is when I give you something that I can never replace so that your life will become something that it has never been.
You cannot build your own house, while busy destroying your neighbour’s.
Sometimes, what we need the most is the strength to survive in this world. Which forces us to pay, to watch the demons destroy the paradises we built and dance on its ruins.
We can’t erase failure. We build a greater character on top of our failures.
Pyramids.We still can't build them, but yet we still call ourselves intelligent.
Build your preferred system, stick to it, be patient, work on yourself FIRST and then on your new found way and ability to serve others. _nickc
He builds walls anyway, what matters is whether she hands him more blocks for those walls or a sledge hammer. Either way he’ll be fine.
Success is about long term relationships which you build on, and it’s best to start with having an empowering, positive and uplifting relationship with yourself as a starting point, which is your anchor or keystone to build from!
It’s not about the ashes, for they tell a tale of what was. It’s about having a vision sufficient to understand that the tale that lies among the ashes stands ready to build the dream that will rise above the ashes.
There is only one thing in the universe that you can truly shine, It's your life, shine on.
Inside each of us are memories, fantasies and desires for home - a shelter waiting to be built, a place of peace to be revisited.
I look at youAnd I want to build thingsFour wallsA roofA room with a viewI look at youAnd I want to build thingsA stack of logsA roaring fireA starlit night with youI look at youAnd I want to build thingsHike a secret trailwhere the world cannot find usA bench built for twoPicture this - lightning and thunderPicture this- my telephone numberPicture this- discovery and wonderPicture this- the moon as we slumberI look at you And I want to build thingsI just need my handsYour smileAnd for you to want this too
Solitude is good for a time, but not for all time. Don’t forget to come back and embrace a community. Build one, if you must. Don’t neglect the sharing of yourself. Even those parts that are not so clean have value. In fact, the best lessons you have to offer in life come from your struggles in the darkness and grit of life.
Entrepreneurship does not build character; it reveals character.
Resentment and bitterness build the cage that only punishes ourselves.
The best relationship is not one that brings together perfect partners, but rather one in which the partners learn to live with the differences, imperfections and objections of one another, and seek to appreciate the good qualities that make this relationship worth building on in order to survive better together.
When you build a house You nail down memories Paint and stain the fabric of time
Everyone can dream. Who is ready to build it step by step, brick by brick?
Careful minds build durable buildings; careless minds build rotten buildings!
sometimes being tall helps you build self confidence. But knowing that you are small makes you unpredictable thus small things have bigger impact to big things.
It's not worth it to build castles on the sand if they get destroyed by the waves of reality.
Every wall that I build to lock the world out is yet another wall that I’ve built that locks me in. And in the most heinous kind of imprisonment imaginable, I find that I have become both warden and inmate.
Build yourself a system to achieve your dreams
It is necessary to build a system or a structure which will allow you to form your dream into reality
Build your life not on the things of today, but on the things of tomorrow
The pursuit of goodness leads to greatness, but the pursuit of greatness, whether by a man or a nation, leads to ruin…. [G]ood men build; great men destroy. They destroy because they try to control something other than themselves and that always leads to destruction.
Build your life not on what you see today but on the things of tomorrow
Each of us has the ability to build
a good man does what is right and not what is convenient, he doesn't take a quick shortcut but takes the road that will build his character and at the end leads him to success
Peace does not come from destroying evil, but from building goodness.
Words have an immeasurable impact, they can either build or destroy so be careful of your words.
Remember that it is quicker to destroy than build, so be careful of what you do even with your own tongue.
It takes hands to build a house, but only hearts can build a home.
Sir Richard Branson (CEO and Founder of Virgin Company) inspires me to build my best...and then continue building. An entrepreneurial mindset can always benefit from a daily dose of what I buzz 'Branson-spiration'...
Then, without postponing anything, build a structure that will allow you to transform this vision into reality
Knowing that this is what it means to live. That this love, this need is what drives us to push and fight and build and grow.
If you do not build bridges, precipices become your fate!
We, of all the beings that we know of, can think. We can eat, write, build, save. We can predict, estimate, and count. We can preserve food for lifetimes, and in times of crisis, we can find ways to ensure our survival. With each passing generation, our sphere of control of our existence is larger. What if the earth is hit by an asteroid or there is no way to stop global warming? We look to colonize other planets. The fate of our species, in a few years, will not be tied to the fate of the earth. Our home planet must be cared for ... but as we go interplanetary and then interstellar, our control on our lives and the evolution of our species grows. As far as we know, we are the only species that has a say in the development of its future.
It is better to build than to break.
Build your self in the Holy Faith.
If the whole world is in a rush and people are out of step with themselves, they fail to catch that quirky aura and that special quality of life that feeds our soul-searching frame of mind and that builds a coveted haven, giving recognition and self-reliance. ("The unbearable heaviness of being”)
If you can’t build with them, don’t chill with them
Love, they said, burns youand builds you.But with you, there’s no ash.Just light.
Maybe, someday we all will come out of those beautiful and warm shelters we have built around us and open our arms to the storms, smiling at them. Maybe, we all will finally let them take us all and throw in the middle of nowhere. Where nobody knows each other anymore, and we are all strangers again.
If I could remove one thing from the world and replace it with something else, I would erase politics and put art in its place. That way, art teachers would rule the world. And since art is the most supreme form of love, beautiful colors and imagery would weave bridges for peace wherever there are walls. Artists, who are naturally heart-driven, would decorate the world with their love, and in that love — poverty, hunger, lines of division, and wars would vanish from the earth forever. Children of the earth would then be free to play, imagine, create, build and grow without bloodshed, terror and fear.
Every person I ever knew or had come across always spoke about fallingin love with the rain. They dreamt of dancing in it like there is no tomorrow but I never heard someone speaking about falling in love with a wildfire. No, it is not for the weaker ones. The moment you fall in love with the wildfire, it starts burning everything that you have ever built or grown all these years around you. It changes the way you had always imagined and looked at how the love would be, making you end up homeless. It makes you a weakness intertwined with strength, a love intertwined with hatred. It makes you a puzzle that you yourself could never solve.
May the fire in your soul, burn down all the fences and walls which this society is trying to build around you.
There is no house of life out of reach of the stream. So, to be surprised when the rain descends and the foods come, and the winds blow and beat upon the house, as though some strange thing happened unto us, is unreasonable and unjust; it so miscalls our good Master, who never told us to build for fair weather or even to be careful to build out of reach of floods. "We must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God" is not a fair-weather word. "My son, if thou comest to serve the Lord, prepare thy soul for temptation." "Ye will not get leave to steal quietly to heaven, in Christ's company, without a conflict and a cross." Even so, even though we must walk in the land of fear, there is no need to fear. The power of His resurrection comes before the fellowship of His sufferings.
Vulnerability creates unimaginable space to build each other up, as much as it creates ample room to tear each other down.
Poor people! They build tunnels to reach the light.
We are not built for mediocrity, but we build it into our lives nonetheless.
I am going to build a fortress of books.Will you come inside and live with me?
Regardless of your lot in life, build something beautiful on it.
If you can't build with them don't chill with them.
But why can't we just order what we need? Or buy it?"Myrnin flicked the silver ring on his right hand into the bars of his cell, setting up a metallic ringing. "None of that. Modern children are fools, slaves to the work of others, dependent for everything. Not you. You will learn how to build your tools as well as use them.""You want me to be an engineer?""Is it not a useful thing for one who studies physics to understand such practical applications?"She stared at him doubtfully. "You're not going to make me get an anvil and make my own screwdrivers or anything, are you?"Myrnin smiled slowly. "What a good idea! I'll consider it.
The more we construct lives that prioritize safety, the bigger the prison we construct around ourselves.
It is pointless to build your life on a foundation of illusions
I was build with bassically upon on a code... lie... what's a lie and so on and so on!?- So I know that you are lieing now, aren't now?
The world is administered by rich but it is constructed by poor.
Leaders are called upon to build not to repair.
The strewn and tangled wreckage that litters our lives is the precious raw material from which great beginnings are forged.
You can't build a foundation of sin now for a life of purity later.
We live with this tortured feeling that we must create that which in reality we have the privilege of finding.
If I build own language... will be better because I always will end up making new words.
oh, oh GreenHollyWood says with a smile and even and angry sounds like devil who comes from hell... says not to lie and now he lies... so clever and such a smart ass. (Isn't he?!??!)
For church buildings not to be enough is to build and equip church members to send them out
Lay a golden egg.After you built a nest,You wait for a leg.And you land next. Now you hope and pray.Expect for the best. Go on with no delay. Get it right at last.
The Words 2012, one world is ruin and one new world is build. One twisted pictures, one couple which loved each other... just their relationship dies... And another person just steal somebody's life and then he finds the truth...
... What more awesome.. than to build a characters with your own sins?
Because the new the stories we tell, the art we make, the rockets we build, will influence the future that shapes our present.
Average. It was the worst, most disgusting word in the English language. Nothing meaningful or worthwhile ever came from that word.
I am not more gifted than the average human being. If you know anything about history, you would know that is so--what hard times I had in studying and the fact that I do not have a memory like some other people do… I am just more curious than the average person and I will not give up on a problem until I have found the proper solution. This is one of my greatest satisfactions in life--solving problems--and the harder they are, the more satisfaction do I get out of them. Maybe you could consider me a bit more patient in continuing with my problem than is the average human being. Now, if you understand what I have just told you, you see that it is not a matter of being more gifted but a matter of being more curious and maybe more patient until you solve a problem.
I don't think there's too much normal out there anymore. Though there's still plenty of average to go around.
Step out of the crowd of average people. Enter that game and change the values on the scoreboard.
If you stay passionate and committed, mediocrity will never be eager to befriend you.
All men are ordinary men; the extraordinary men are those who know it.
This world isn't for average people.
Most people’s lives are to the average person not important like, or as important as, their opinions about him or her.
Most people are just a waste of sanity.
To discover the thing you're brilliant at you first have to endure realizing all the things you're average at.
Ann and Abby, for the most part, remained aloof and practical. The position of the advice columnist, as they both defined it, was an inherently centrist one. It was their job to be dispassionate, to base their advice on social averages. 'Do not agree to engage in any practice you consider frightening, abnormal, or weird,' Abby once advised a reader. The Friedman sisters were not moral heroes. They lacked Dorothy Dix's empathy. 'I'm sorry' was not in their vocabulary. They could be intolerant and cruel and mocked people in distress-- Abby especially. But they never cast themselves as ethicists. They weren't interested in what was right; they were interested in what was normal. They saw themselves as keepers of the social curve. Their advice was a reminder of what was expected of their readers: to buck up, respect their commitments, not be weird. Abby preached acceptance... partly because forgiveness was more efficient than the alternative. She seemed to think that emotions were a waste of time. Eppie was similar. Her response to conflict was either to "dismiss it or rationalize it," as one friend told Carol Felsenthal.
Why be usual when you are unique? Why be average when you can be awesome? Why be ordinary when you are an original? You were born to be a THRILLER!
Only undertake what you can do in an excellent fashion. There are no prizes for average performance.
Average is always a safe choice, and it is the most dangerous choice you can make.
...and you drink a little too much and try a little too hard. And you go home to a cold bed and think, 'That was fine'. And your life is a long line of fine.
But why diminish your soul being run-of-the-mill at something? Mediocrity: now there is ugliness for you. Mediocrity's a hairball coughed up on the Persian carpet of Creation.
By definition, it is not possible to everyone to be above the average.
Mediocrity is a pit that swallows people who have rested on seats of complacency for long.
Why be average when you can be extraordinary?
She was of average height and average build and average attractiveness, all things that should've made it easy for her to assimilate into a new high school without any of the dramatic tropes that usually inhabit such storylines.
Dare to be among the greatest. Even if you did not get the best, you will be above the good.
A wise man once asked, "Am I wise only because of the average company I keep or the company I keep among the wise with whom I am able to coexist?" Makes one wonder about the company they keep.
The vast majority of people are each the greatest only at being them.
Like the average, I get bored by the average.
We do not need to strive to be average.
Most people are each just another human being.
The structural similarity of men, and their ability to be represented both as ideal, like Leonardo's Vitruvian Man, and as average. Man being the measure of all things, and therefore a sort of standard and interchangeable unit of length, breadth, intelligence, emotion. We could lay them end to end to measure the distance between the continents, the distance to the moon. We could use them to calculate the weight of weather, or to buy things at the grocery. With such an abundance of men, we could gauge anything we chose.
One of a kind is never normal.
There is no place for mediocrity in modern society. A General whose courage is just ‘average’ is sure to be counted as a coward in the battlefield. A manager whose performance is ‘average’ is unlikely to get his promotions. A sportsman whose skill is ‘mean’ wouldn’t even be selected for the team. A person who is honest half the time and dishonest in the other half is sure to suffer the pain of both honesty and dishonesty.
If the portrayal of Dylan as a monster left the impression that the tragedy at Columbine had no relevance to average people or their families, then whatever measure of comfort it offered was false. I hope the truth will awake people to a greater sense of vulnerability—more frightening, perhaps, but crucial—that cannot so easily be circumscribed.
A void in my chest was beginning to fill with anger. Quiet, defeated anger that guaranteed me the right to my hurt, that believed no one could possibly understand that hurt.
Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.
We become aware of the void as we fill it.
At first I felt dizzy - not with the kind of dizziness that makes the body reel but the kind that's like a dead emptiness in the brain, an instinctive awareness of the void.
There was an enjoyment to being alive, he felt, that because of an underlying meaninglessness–like how a person alone for too long cannot feel comfortable when with others; cannot neglect that underlying the feeling of belongingness is the certainty, really, of loneliness, and nothingness, and so experiences life in that hurried, worthless way one experiences a mistake–he could no longer get at.
Youth always tries to fill the void, an old man learns to live with it.
Then from those profound slumbers we awake in a dawn, not knowing who we are, being nobody, newly born, ready for anything, the brain emptied of that past which was life until then. And perhaps it is more wonderful still when our landing at the waking-point is abrupt and the thoughts of our sleep, hidden by a cloak of oblivion, have no time to return to us gradually, before sleep ceases. Then, from the black storm through which we seem to have passed (but we do not even say we), we emerge prostrate, without a thought, a we that is void of content.
My soul is a black maelstrom, a great madness spinning about a vacuum, the swirling of a vast ocean around a hole in the void, and in the waters, more like whirlwinds than waters, float images of all I ever saw or heard in the world: houses, faces, books, boxes, snatches of music and fragments of voices, all caught up in a sinister, bottomless whirlpool.
Detachment is not the absence of emotion, it is the process of becoming one with the Oneness that is the Universe. To be detached, is to realize that the fullness of all there is, is too much to react to with just one emotion, one thought, or any bias. To be detached, is to acknowledge all, without owning any of it. To be detached, is to summon forth the whole entirety of understanding, to the fragment that is the void.
There is, in every event, whether lived or told, always a hole or a gap, often more than one. If we allow ourselves to get caught in it, we find it opening onto a void that, once we have slipped into it, we can never escape.
It hurts, doesn't it? Giving someone everything you can think of. The wings to fly and roots to stay and yet watch them choose none of those, leaving you hanging in the middle of void and nothingness.
I need not to be afraid of the void. The void is part of my person. I need to enter consciously into it. To try to escape from it is to try to live a lie. It is also to cease to be. My acceptance of despair and emptiness constitutes my being; to have the courage to accept despair is to be.
tahiya hote pavan nahin pani, tahiya srishti kown utpati;tahiya hote kali nahin phula, tahiya hote garbh nahi mula;tahiya hote vidya nahin Veda, tahiya hote shabd nahin swada;tahiya hote pind nahin basu,nahin dhar dharni na pavan akasu;tahiya hote guru nahin chela, gamya agamya na panth duhela.Sakhi: avigati ki gati ka kahown, jake gawn na thawngun bihuna pekhana, ka kahi lijai nawnIn that state there is no air or water, and no creation or creator; There is no bud or flower, and no fetus or semen; There is no education or Vedas, and no word or taste; There is no body or settlement, and no earth, air or space; There is no guru or disciple, and no easy or difficult path.Sakhi: That state is very strange. I cannot explain it. It has no village or resting place. That state is without gunas (qualities). What name can on give it? 
Each day death corrodes what we call living, and life ceaselessly swallows our desire for the void.
Let them be gone now, them and all the others, those I have used and those I have not used, give me back the pains I lent them and vanish, from my life, my memory, my terrors and shames. There, now there is no one here but me, no one wheels about me, no one comes toward me, no one has ever met anyone before my eyes, these creatures have never been, only I and this black void have ever been.
None fills the void like the company of a true friend.
A terrible hollow seemed to menace him somewhere, somehow, a void, and into this void his energy would collapse. Energyless, he felt at times he was dead, really dead.
Stat rosa pristina nomine, nomina nuda tenemos.
One cannot long remain so absorbed in contemplation of emptiness without being increasingly attracted to it. In vain one bestows on it the name of infinity; this does not change its nature. When one feels such pleasure in non-existence, one’s inclination can be completely satisfied only by completely ceasing to exist.
Don't ever give space for anyone to treat you like an option. Remember, you're more than that.
...No one knows what they are doing on earth or even off it. The gods didn't even know what the gods were doing, assuming there were even gods. Did the void know what it was doing? Did it know itself? Maybe the void didn't even know what to do with itself and didn't even like itself. Maybe the nothingness knew only to fill itself with people, and in that way was a creator of sorts. Maybe nothingness was a god, but not intentionally cruel-not confident in itself. Maybe it was not evil or saying ha-ha to me, just lonely, hating itself, waning something else to stick inside itself to relieve itself of itself. It seemed as though Theo didn't know what he was doing. I obviously didn't either. In that way maybe we were like gods.
Man's first expression, like his first dream, was an aesthetic one. Speech was a poetic outcry rather than a demand for communication. Original man, shouting his consonants, did so in yells of awe and anger at his tragic state, at his own self-awareness and at his own helplessness before the void.
From some angles, up is toward the earth and down toward the sky, and everything—people, horses, cathedrals, dreams—is suspended over the ceaseless void, barely hanging on.
Stop trying so hard to fill my void for I have started loving the way it makes me ache.
I could score myself a bottle of whiskey (though I promised Gramps I wouldn't) and let it make me glow, let all the rooms edges go soft, let the memories out of their cages.
Uniformity...creates a void, and Nature abhors a vacuum.
Empty space eventually fills up with something. A void, cultivated in the aftermath of misfortune, begins to attract the wrong kind of attention. Marco knew it was time to leave when disagreeable spirits started roaming freely through the house, as if they owned the place.
Nothing is so cold and so calculating as money in a void where love and hope had been.
If the vibrant and frolicking merry-go-round of our daily living has been ousted by an eerie void of an intractable vacuum, only inspiriting memories may shore up our inner world. ("Only silence remained ")
What we all dread most,” said the priest in a low voice, “is a maze with no centre. That is why atheism is only a nightmare.
It's scary to trust and fall in love with someone, isn't it? You accept someone and welcome them to your world. You show each of your voids. You show how dark it is, inside you and how scary it is, to stay there. And one day they will leave. Adding more voids into you making the older one a lot bigger, and making you get darker and scarier than before inside.
If we are able to convey ‘meaning’ to things and to actions, we may dominate part of the obscure world of ignorance. When we try to give sense to our life, we can come to ‘awareness’ and fill some of the numerous black holes of witlessness in our thinking. We may, then, defy and dam the existential void, down the stretch. ("Not without my shadow")
The voids in her soul turned every touch of someone else into the reminiscent of his love inside her.
There is an evil creeping insideThe darkness has a firm hold on meThere is a desire burning withinAmbition seeks to replace the air I breatheThere is a voice, relentless voice in my headMy peace has abandoned meThere is nothing but lonelinessA hollow place I can't traceA void filled with nothing but space A sorrow with which no one can relateI'm just an innocent girl longing for tranquillityBut I'm fading awayFear has taken over me
I cannot believe the path to victory lies in staining our souls so black we become indistinguishable from those we fight.
O sun, heart of the heavens whose blood of lightInfuses the vigor which transmutes to azureThe black ice strangler of great space obscureI hate you, mask of gold, mist and fire, circularBlind monster blinding all the prey aroundYou who veil the impure dazzling phantasmTo the loving vertigo of my avid gazesThe visions of the colorless abyss of the voidReversed hollow truth-mask of the other world.
A needle, a pill, a shot glass…they’ll never fill the void that only love can.
And you find that sometimes you search to fill a void that doesn’t exist until you venture out far enough to create it.
Only after loving you I realised I had an empty space;this little void, a tad bit of hollowinside a corner of my heart and it screamed: Fill me up!
Don't ask too much for space. They grow into voids.
The colour of the magpie, her father was saying, was symbolic of creation. The void, the mystery of that which had not yet taken form. Black and white, he said. Presence and absence.
By convention sweet and by convention bitter, by convention hot, by convention cold, by convention color; but in reality atoms and void.
Katherine gave in to the wonder of the moment, imagining herself in the astronauts' place. What emotions welled up from the depths of their hearts as they regarded their watery blue home from the void of space? How did it feel to be separated by a nearly unimaginable gulf from the rest of humanity yet carry the hopes, dreams, and fears of their entire species there with them in their tiny, vulnerable craft? Most people she knew wouldn't have traded places with the astronauts for all of the gold in Fort Knox. The men existed all alone out their in the void of space, connected so tenuously to Earth, with the real possibility that something could go wrong. But given the chance to throw her lot in with the astronauts, Katherine Johnson would have packed her bags immediately. Even without the pressure of the space race, even without the mandate to beat the enemy. For Katherine Johnson, curiosity always bested fear.
It is not yet a feeling that points her in a direction. It is just the feeling of a vacuum, a void waiting to be filled.
Life becomes a dilemma when you are living a purposeless and goalless life
However much food you ate, as long as you were alive, you would experience hunger again, and words, however you managed to capture them, would disperse again like phantoms into the void.
The future was becoming past, everything vanished into the void, and reaching back to grasp for something, one came out clutching - what? A bit of string, scraps of cloth, shadows of the golden time. If one could only reverse it, turn the past into future, and catch it on the wing, on its journey across the always shifting line of the present ...
I saw the Tracker—but that’s wrong, really. I saw right to where the tracking thing was. I saw those winnowing tentacles come out again, and the front figure pause, and then—it’s the only word that actually describes it—ooze on again on its via dolorosa. And at that the hind figure seemed to summon all its strength. It seemed to open out a fringe of arms or tentacles, a sort of corona of black rays spread out. It gaped with a full expansion, and even I could feel that there was a perfectly horrible attraction, or vacuum drag, being exerted. That was horrible enough, with the face of the super-suffering man now almost under me resonating my own terror. But the worst thing was that, as the tentacles unwrapped and winnowed out toward their prey, I saw they weren’t really tentacles at all. They were spreading cracks, veins, fissures, rents of darkness expanding from a void, a gap of pure blackness. There’s only one way to say it—one was seeing right through the solid world into a gap, an ultimate maelstrom. And from it was spreading out a—I can only call it so—a negative sunrise of black radiation that would deluge and obliterate everything. Of course it was still only a fissure, a vent, but one realized—This is a hole, a widening hole, that has been pierced in the dike that defends the common-sense, sensuous world. Through this vortex-hole that is rapidly opening, over this lip and brink, everything could slip, fall in, find no purchase, be swallowed up.It was like watching a crumbling cliff with survivors clinging to it being undercut and toppling into a black tide that had swallowed up its base. This negative force could drag the solidest things from their base, melt them, engulf the whole hard, visible world. And we were right on that brink. What was after us, for I knew now I was in its field, was not a thing of any passions or desires. Those are limited things, satiable things—in a way, balanced things, and so familiar, safe even, almost friendly in comparison with this. You know the grim saying, “You can give a sop to Cerberus, but not to his Master.” No, this was—that’s the technical term, I found, coined by those who have been up against this and come back alive—this was absolute Deprivation, really insatiable need, need that nothing can satisfy, absolute refusal to give, to yield. It is the second strongest thing in the universe, and, indeed, outside that. It could swallow the whole universe, and the universe would go for nothing, because in that gap the whole universe could fill not a bit of it. It would remain as empty, as gaping, as insatiable as ever, for it is the bottomless pit made by unstanchable Lack.
The wish to see others suffer exactly what we are suffering. It is because of this that, except in periods of social instability, the spite of those in misfortune is directed against their fellows. That is a factor making for social stability.
The perfection of yoga, therefore, does not terminate in voidness or impersonalism; on the contrary, the perfection of yoga is attained when one actually sees the Personality of Godhead in His eternal form.
The situation on Earth today is too dire for us to act from habit—to reenact again and again the same kinds of solutions that brought us to our present extremity. Where does the wisdom to act in entirely new ways come from? It comes from nowhere, from the void; it comes from inaction. When we see it, we realize it was right in front of us all along. It is never far away; yet at the same time it is in a different universe—a different Story of the World.
Creation has become so broad, there’s no emptiness. Everything swarms and seethes. The void has destroyed itself; creation is its wound, we are its drops of blood, the world is the grave in which it rots.
And I dreamed of a home long ago in New England, my little kitkats trying to go a thousand miles following me on the road across America, and my mother with a pack on her back, and my father running after the ephemeral uncatchable train, and I dreamed and woke up to a gray dawn, saw it, sniffed (because I had seen all the horizon shift as if a sceneshifter had hurried to put it back in place and make me believe in its reality), and went back to sleep, turning over. "It's all the same thing," I heard my voice say in the void that's highly embraceable during sleep.
We always become weaker when our soul gets into a stronger desire to own another. Like the way, our knees gets weaker when we see into their eyes. And the way, our hearts and minds defy every law of gravity and make us feel light and float into the infinity. The way, our soul bonds to theirs and becomes stronger. The way, their touch feels like thousands of stars bombarding together ripping us out of our senses and reality. Filling every void inside us, and how everything seems so right. Like a dream, that we never want to end. Like a dream, where we want to be lost forever and never want to find our way back home.
No stone was laid upon· another with love or reverence; no street was laid for dance or joy. One thing has been added to another in a mad scramble to fill the belly, and the streets smell of empty bellies and full bellies and bellies half full. The streets smell of a hunger which has nothing to do with love; they smell of thc belly which is insatiable and of the creations of the cmpty helly which are null and void.
For the palace was but emptiness, a hole in a labyrinth of lines, a skyward precipice.
Your job cannot sustain you, only your calling can
When silence greets you, listen for those powerful words lost within the void of reason...
Wednesday. March 16 Isn't it strange that it hasn't occurred to me to put my relationship with Clarimonda on a more serious basis than these endless games. Last night, I thought about this...I can, of course, put on my hat and coat, walk down two flights of stairs, take five steps across the street and mount two flights to her door which is marked with a small sign that says "Clarimonda." Clarimonda what? I don't know. Something. Then I can knock and...Up to this point I imagine everything very clearly, but I cannot see what should happen next. I know that the door opens. But then I stand before it, looking into a dark void. Clarimonda doesn't come. Nothing comes. Nothing is there, only the black, impenetrable dark."The Spider
Women are born in their own flesh and emotions and are celebrated for knowing it. Men are born in the void and are taught from a very early age to disregard the wisdom of the sensations coursing through their bodies.
They laugh at me because I'm different; I laugh at them because they're all the same.
Some victories are merely defeat wearing the wrong clothing
We die a little every day and by degrees we’re reborn into different men, older men in the same clothes, with the same scars.
Said Hufflepuff, "I'll teach the lot,And treat them just the same.
I was only going to say that heaven did not seem to be my home; and I broke my heart with weeping to come back to earth; and the angels were so angry that they flung my out into the middle of the heath on the top of Wuthering Heights; where I woke sobbing for joy. That will do to explain my secret, as well as the other. I've no more business to marry Edgar Linton than I have to be in heaven; and if the wicked man in there had not brought Heathcliff so low, I shouldn't have thought of it. It would degrade me to marry Heathcliff now; so he shall never know how I love him: and that, not because he's handsome, but because he's more myself than I am. What ever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same; and Linton's is as different as a moonbeam from lightning, or frost from fire.'Ere this speech ended, I became sensible of Heathcliff's presence. Having noticed a slight movement, I turned my head, and saw him rise from the bench, and steal out noiselessly. He had listened till he heard Catherine say it would degrade her to marry him, and then he stayed to hear no further.
Understanding languages and other cultures builds bridges. It is the fastest way to bring the world closer together and to Truth. Through understanding, people will be able to see their similarities before differences.
I do high heels better post-caffeine.
Every time I hold your hand in the night and look at that star, I remember the fact that it is millions of light years away from us, we are looking at its past and it doesn't exist anymore and I always end up feeling, what if we both are made up of the dust of the same star we are staring at.
We forget old stories, but those stories remain the same.
Everything and nothing are the same in the Absolute.
There is, after all, no moral difference between the bigot and the tolerator. They are from case to case positive or negative. One man is bigoted because he was given the sword of truth, another because he is angered in thoughtlessness; then, one man is tolerant because he was given the flag of peace, another because he is cowardly and wishes to hide all guilt.
Our daughters grow up with the same possibilities as our sons
That was the trouble with the Outside. One teetered forever between unpleasant alternatives.
I lift the lid of the chest. Inside, the air is musty and stale, held hostage for years in its three-foot-by-four-foot tomb. I lean in to survey the contents cautiously, then pull out a stack of old photos tied with twine. On top is a photo of a couple on their wedding day. She's a young bride, wearing one of those 1950's netted veils. He looks older, distinguished- sort of like Cary Grant or Gregory Peck in the old black-and-white movies I used to watch with my grandmother. I set the stack down and turn back to the chest, where I find a notebook, filled with handwritten recipes. The page for Cinnamon Rolls is labeled "Dex's Favorite." 'Dex.' I wonder if he's the man in the photo.There are two ticket stubs from 1959, one to a Frank Sinatra concert, another to the movie 'An Affair to Remember.' A single shriveled rosebud rests on a white handkerchief. A corsage? When I lift it into my hand, it disintegrates; the petals crinkle into tiny pieces that fall onto the living room carpet. At the bottom of the chest is what looks like a wedding dress. It's yellowed and moth-eaten, but I imagine it was once stark white and beautiful. As I lift it, I can hear the lace swishing as if to say, "Ahh." Whoever wore it was very petite. The waist circumference is tiny. A pair of long white gloves falls to the floor. They must have been tucked inside the dress. I refold the finery and set the ensemble back inside.Whose things are these? And why have they been left here? I thumb through the recipe book. All cookies, cakes, desserts. She must have loved to bake. I tuck the book back inside the chest, along with the photographs after I've retied the twine, which is when I notice a book tucked into the corner. It's an old paperback copy of Ernest Hemingway's 'The Sun Also Rises.' I've read a little of Hemingway over the years- 'A Moveable Feast' and some of his later work- but not this one. I flip through the book and notice that one page is dog-eared. I open to it and see a line that has been underscored. "You can't get away from yourself by moving from one place to another."I look out to the lake, letting the words sink in. 'Is that what I'm trying to do? Get away from myself?' I stare at the line in the book again and wonder if it resonated with the woman who underlined it so many years ago. Did she have her own secret pain? 'Was she trying to escape it just like me?
What I say and what I think are not necessarily the same thing.
Penny would stop trying. Instead she'd spend time preparing for her future, living in books until the exciting part of her life would begin. Things would matter then. In fact, everything would be different.
And as you can see, I'm no pretty girl, just a sheep man.
Don't make de same mistakes, make new mistakes
Tom? Are you okay?” Jena asked tentatively.Apart from the fact that he wanted to cry?“Yeah. ” He smiled. “I’m great.
Do you ever notice how much you have in common with the person you hate.
The believer's peace, and therefore his preparedness, never waxes old. It is of God, and consequently unalterable; his feelings may vary, but the "covenant of peace," saith the Lord, " shall not be removed;" and whilst traveling through the " great and terrible wilderness,
I would like to live the rest of my life knowing exactly what is happening each hour, each day.
People around us are fading away and we see it happening every single day but we don’t stop to take a look lest someone does the same to us.
We are all the same, except I'm better than you.
Okay… okay?We are not the same… we are not fucking the same… I got brain as for you… God has forgotten you!
He knew nothing would ever be the same from that moment on. He hoped he was wrong.
I don't know exactly when it happened, only that it would never be the same.
I am thinking of changing my name to Dory The Fish, as I have the same amnesiac disorder.
It is amazing how much wisdom has been handed down through the ages, yet we still make the same mistakes.
So much can change from one day to the next, but the one thing that always remains the same is God. Stay focused on Him. In God We Trust.
Someone who has suffered is no longer the same.
I saw cities, and roads of marvelous construction. I saw cruelty and greed, but I've seen them here too. I saw a people live a life that was strange in many ways, but also much the same as anywhere else.""Then why are they so cruel?" There was an earnestness to the girl's face, an honest desire to know. "Cruelty is in all of us," he said. "But they made it a virtue.
You can be in love and you can be in a relationship. But they're not always the same thing.
We dream that we're all different. The reality is that we're all not.
I’m not for you,” I say desperately. “We are so different. Our lives are a thousand and one worlds apart. It wouldn’t work. And it’s dangerous.”But his face only brightens. “Then you do feel the same.”“We are not the same—and that is the whole point! I am not human, Aladdin. Everything that was once human in me was destroyed, and I was forged into something entirely different. I’m not here to help you—I was never here to help you, or any of my masters.”He shakes his head. “I don’t believe that.”“It doesn’t matter what you believe,” I say bitterly. “It is what it is, and it has nothing to do with what you want.”He walks around me, forcing me to face him. “You helped me get away from Darian in the desert. You got me into the palace when you could have let them find out who I really was. You taught me to dance, for sky’s sake! You’ve had a hundred opportunities to trick me and betray me, but you don’t. You’ve helped me when I didn’t wish for it.”“A chicken doesn’t fly like other birds, but it is still a bird.”“Zahra!” He spreads his hands, the wind ruffling his hair. “You do care. I see it when you think I’m not looking.
It's hard to push up against a wall, when you are the wall.
An open mind and heart usually lead you to those who have the same.
I only come out for food.
Everything is different and nothing is same in the universe.
Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) has appeared in the general population at approximately the same time as Bee Colony Collapse.
Which is colder, the hand or the gun?
You cannot study the same day of a test, and expect to do your very best.
Snow is both sides of the same pageIt covers the grave and the tulip
Breathing the same air... doesn't make you smarter - it makes you to get the same results... over and over so far as loop.
The Industrial Revolution appears to be in its final stages and it will be remembered as a time where industrial stock markets were at historic highs at the same time that many natural processes were shutting down, including the next generation of humans.
Well, I want novels,' said Tessa. 'Or poetry. Books are for reading, not for turning oneself into livestock.' Will's eyes glittered. 'I think we may have a cope of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland about somewhere.' Tessa wrinkled her nose. 'Oh, that's for little children, isn't it?' she said. "I never liked it much-seemed like so much nonsense.' Will's eyes were very blue. 'There's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes, if you wish to look for it.
At the same time that a massive deployment of biologically harmful radio frequency (RF) radiation devices across the mass population has occurred, we see the reduction of health care for the poor, sick and elderly.
But it's hard to explain, Mitch. Now that I'm suffering, I feel closer to people who suffer than I ever did before.. ..I feel their anguish as if it were my own. I don't know any of these people. But - how can I put this? - I'm almost... drawn to them.
A tree is no more valuable than a seed. Both are simply at a different stage in their development.
Always using the same methods is not God’s way
From the same window, you keep seeing the same view!
Pardon me, sir," Prudence said, directing her words and her placid gaze precisely at Professor Peck, "if I understand you correctly, it seems you have identified the different textures of human hair as evidence that Negroes, Indians, Orientals, and the white man are all members of different species. But I cannot help but wonder at your supposition. On this very estate, sir, we raise several varieties of sheep. Perhaps you noticed them as you came up the drive earlier this evening? Some of our sheep have silken hair, some have coarse hair, and some have dense woolen curls. Surely, sir, you would not doubt that- despite their differences in coats- they are all sheep. And if you'll excuse me, I believe that all these varieties of sheep can also be interbred successfully with one another. Is it not the same with man? Could one not, then, the argument that Negroes, Indians, Orientals, and the white man are also all one species?
The truth is that everyday and everyone is different. We just like to think that they aren't.
A part of Astrid felt sorry for Sam. She knew he was still a long way from being over the beating he had taken from Drake. One look at him now, head hung, looking small and scared, was proof of that.But he wasn’t the only one to be terrorized by Drake. Drake had come after her, early on. If she thought about it, she could still almost feel the sting of his slap on her face.He’d made her…He’d bullied her into calling Little Pete a retard. He’d terrorized her into betraying the person she loved most in the world.She had managed to put it out of her mind. Why couldn’t Sam do the same?
Oval Window, 1953 - 1957In 1953 came the first major changes in Beetle styling. Rear view was increasingly a problem and so the boys in Wolfsburg cut out the centre post and made the split into an oval. Some callous butchers are known to have manually cut the center post of the split rear window out either to improve rear visibility or to make their cars look newer!This window stayed in vogue until 1958 with the first small square rear window model.Note that the rear bonnet was the same as the Split, except for minor changes such as handle and ‘popes nose’ designs. Taillights are larger and also oval shaped. Outer lens is GLASS, not plastic and has a distinctive honeycomb pattern. These Bugs also came with pop-up (semaphore) indicators in the b-pillars.
Our daughters grow up with the same possibilities as our sons
Create your own world where you can do what you want for yourself and for others. Those people who live in others' world all the time, remain in the same place from where they had started.
Same time as every day, Fyl..." she fussed, the rest of the bridge crew seeming to hold their breaths. "TWELVE THIRTY!" came the chorus. The next hour dragged by, in about the same way as the hour before that. At twelve twenty-five, Commander Ortez found himself stepping out of an elevator into an equally mundane grey steel corridor on his way to the mess hall. Turning a corner, he met with a stream of crewmen milling around between shifts. Some off-duty personnel were lounging around in civvies, which consisted mostly of re-revamped 60's hippy fashions. Of all the places on the ship, the mess was the most spacious, (i.e.: it was a big mess.) The command officer’s balcony overhung the rest of the crew dining area. Ortez sat at his usual place, wincing as he remembered to get someone to fix the springs in his chair. An ensign, 3rd class dressed in chef’s white, served him with a plate of what either ended up feeding the chefs latest pet - or strangling it. Marnetti, Barnum and the sciences officer Commander Jaris Skotchdopole filed in, not necessarily in that order, and found seats. After a few bites, Marnetti -- who was the first officer and navigator, put up a hand and signalled a waiter. The lad approached fearfully, appreciating the highlight of his day.
We can give away all that He entrusts to us in the same spirit of generosity.
We all get the same amount of time.
We long for things that harm us and run from the things that grow and heal us. We think good is bad and bad is good.
In the sky there are always answers and explanations for everything: every pain, every suffering, joy and confusion.
It was unfair that people who longed for love the most, searched the hardest for it, found it so elusive.
People go on about places like Starbucks being unpersonal and all that, but what if that's what you want? I'd be lost if people like that got their way and there was nothing unpersonal in the world. I like to know that there are big places without windows where no one gives a shit. You need confidence to go into small places with regular customers... I'm happiest in the Virgin Megastore and Borders and Starbucks and Pizza Express, where no one gives a shit and no one knows who you are. My mum &amp; dad are always going on about how soulless those places are, and I'm like Der. That's the point.
love is undying,of that I feel certain.I mean deep,abiding,cherishing love.The love that gives protection even as you,my guardian angel,gave me protection long after you had gone-and continue to give this very day...A love beyond Death-a love that makes Life alive!
The road is long, we carry on, try to have fun in the meantime.
It's interesting, isn't it? . . . the chandelier . . . it reminds me of mushroom soup.
Sometimes I wonder, that one missing sock after doing laundry, is the smart one. After being unhappy for so long, it finally walks away from a frayed, worn-out relationship.
Long week. Long month. Long life.
Short questions with long answers, my boy.
Just take my hand, lead, dance with me...and I will simply follow the blueness of the water, the white waves rolling free...where the earth beneath my feet and stars make my heart whole again...in long and priceless moments of shared solitude...
Computers and mobile devices are becoming known for their inherent insecurities and the ability to damage the long term health of the users.
Oh my sweet Saturday, I have been waiting for you for six long days
No matter how short or long your journey to your accomplishment is, if you don't begin you can't get there. Beginning is difficult, but unavoidable!
Small breasts are best for the long haul.
People who maximize their potentials don’t even die; they live forever as long as this earth remains.
I am speaking of the evenings when the sun sets early, of the fathers under the streetlamps in the back streetsreturning home carrying plastic bags. Of the old Bosphorus ferries moored to desertedstations in the middle of winter, where sleepy sailors scrub the decks, pail in hand and oneeye on the black-and-white television in the distance; of the old booksellers who lurch fromone ϧnancial crisis to the next and then wait shivering all day for a customer to appear; ofthe barbers who complain that men don’t shave as much after an economic crisis; of thechildren who play ball between the cars on cobblestoned streets; of the covered womenwho stand at remote bus stops clutching plastic shopping bags and speak to no one as theywait for the bus that never arrives; of the empty boathouses of the old Bosphorus villas; ofthe teahouses packed to the rafters with unemployed men; of the patient pimps striding upand down the city’s greatest square on summer evenings in search of one last drunkentourist; of the broken seesaws in empty parks; of ship horns booming through the fog; ofthe wooden buildings whose every board creaked even when they were pashas’ mansions,all the more now that they have become municipal headquarters; of the women peekingthrough their curtains as they wait for husbands who never manage to come home in theevening; of the old men selling thin religious treatises, prayer beads, and pilgrimage oils inthe courtyards of mosques; of the tens of thousands of identical apartment house entrances,their facades discolored by dirt, rust, soot, and dust; of the crowds rushing to catch ferrieson winter evenings; of the city walls, ruins since the end of the Byzantine Empire; of themarkets that empty in the evenings; of the dervish lodges, the tekkes, that have crumbled;of the seagulls perched on rusty barges caked with moss and mussels, unϩinching under thepelting rain; of the tiny ribbons of smoke rising from the single chimney of a hundred-yearoldmansion on the coldest day of the year; of the crowds of men ϧshing from the sides ofthe Galata Bridge; of the cold reading rooms of libraries; of the street photographers; of thesmell of exhaled breath in the movie theaters, once glittering aϱairs with gilded ceilings,now porn cinemas frequented by shamefaced men; of the avenues where you never see awoman alone after sunset; of the crowds gathering around the doors of the state-controlledbrothels on one of those hot blustery days when the wind is coming from the south; of theyoung girls who queue at the doors of establishments selling cut-rate meat; of the holymessages spelled out in lights between the minarets of mosques on holidays that aremissing letters where the bulbs have burned out; of the walls covered with frayed andblackened posters; of the tired old dolmuşes, ϧfties Chevrolets that would be museum piecesin any western city but serve here as shared taxis, huϫng and puϫng up the city’s narrowalleys and dirty thoroughfares; of the buses packed with passengers; of the mosques whoselead plates and rain gutters are forever being stolen; of the city cemeteries, which seem likegateways to a second world, and of their cypress trees; of the dim lights that you see of anevening on the boats crossing from Kadıköy to Karaköy; of the little children in the streetswho try to sell the same packet of tissues to every passerby; of the clock towers no one evernotices; of the history books in which children read about the victories of the OttomanEmpire and of the beatings these same children receive at home; of the days wheneveryone has to stay home so the electoral roll can be compiled or the census can be taken;of the days when a sudden curfew is announced to facilitate the search for terrorists andeveryone sits at home fearfully awaiting “the oϫcials”; CONTINUED IN SECOND PART OF THE QUOTE
Many want to live long, and ignore pangs of eternity.
This was true, she knew. Being involved with him gave her the privileged position of knowing him intimately. There were nights when he would wake up sweating, the nightmares returning out of the blue after a peaceful period sometimes weeks long. Growing up in the middle of a fierce civil war could indelibly mark a child. To Mykl, birthdays were always just another year under the belt, where the only reason to celebrate was that you weren’t dead yet. She took his hand, squeezed it tight and led him inside.
Lies have expiry date, but truth will last longer.
In Life cheaters get on the long run and honest people don't get far.
If you’re waiting for a path to emerge magically before you actively start building your dream, you’re going to be waiting for an awfully long time.
I will not swear, reader, that there was not something of repressed sarcasm both in the tone in which I uttered this sentence, and in the feeling that accompanied it. I had silently feared St. John till now, because I had not understood him. He had held me in awe, because he had held me in doubt. How much of him was saint, how much mortal, I cold not heretofore tell: but revelations were being made in this conference: analysis of his nature was proceeding before my eyes. I saw his fallibilities: I.comprehnded them. I understood that, sitting there where I did, on the bank of heath, and with that handsome form before me, I sat at the feet of a man, erring as I. The veil fell from his hardness and despotism. Having felt in him the presence of these qualities, I felt his imperfection, and took courage. I was with an equal-one with whom I might argue-one whom, if I saw good, I might resist.
SANDIA RETREAT---where earth and sky meet; where the OLD PUEBLOS rise again. The OLD WEST...the GREAT SOUTHWEST 'LIVES ON' in the Hearts and Lives of those of us who LIVED IT---and who LOVED IT---and who CHERISH ITS WONDERFUL MEMORIES from Our Childhoods LONG, LONG AGO.
A police officer should legally be able to refuse body mounted electronic devices, based on the extensive range of evidence that biological toxicity is known to occur from long term exposure to their electromagnetic interference (EMI) emissions.
I am interested to see where blatant lies takes you in the long term.
If it's not love, do not expect me to be caged in it for long.
It will be interesting to see where ignoring me will take you in the long term.
If we forgave for as long as we hold grudges, the world would be a healthier and happier place
We should prioritize the family we will create in the long run. No passing event will be a future reward.
12. There will come a day, much quicker than your parents would wish, when you will no longer be comfortable living at home. You will want to move out and establish a home of your own. After that time, your mother and father will be more like your friends than your parents. And someday, if they live long enough, you will be more like a parent to them than a son or daughter.
A spark of every fire we seek is already within us.
It was not the sorrowful, lovely piece she had once played for Dorian, and it was not the light, dancing melodies she'd played for sport; it was not the complex and clever pieces she had played for Nehemia and Chaol. This piece was a celebration—a reaffirmation of life, of glory, of the pain and beauty in breathing.Perhaps that was why she'd gone to hear it performed every year, after so much killing and torture and punishment: as a reminder of that she was, of what she struggled to keep.Up and up it built, the sound breaking from the pianoforte like the heart-song of a god, until Rowan drifted over to stand beside the instrument, until she whispered to him, “Now,” and the crescendo shattered into the world, note after note after note.The music crashed around them, roaring through the emptiness of the theater. The hollow silence that had been inside her for so many months now overflowed with sound.She brought the piece home to its final explosive, triumphant chord.When she looked up, panting slightly, Rowan's eyes were lined with silver, his throat bobbing. Somehow, after all this time, her warrior-prince still managed to surprise her.He seemed to struggle for words, but he finally breathed, “Show me—show me how you did that.”So she obliged him.
Corrupt and incompetent police officers have a long history of being protected by their colleagues, police internal affairs and the government.
For many years, I have been moved by the blue at the far edge of what can be seen, that color of horizons, of remote mountain ranges, of anything far away. The color of that distance is the color of an emotion, the color of solitude and of desire, the color of there seen from here, the color of where you are not. And the color of where you can never go. For the blue is not in the place those miles away at the horizon, but in the atmospheric distance between you and the mountains.“Longing,” says the poet Robert Hass, “because desire is full of endless distances.” Blue is the color of longing for the distances you never arrive in, for the blue world.
Some people masturbate to temporarily replace their partners when they are absent, whereas some people do that to temporarily live in the present.
Distance matters only when you fail to cover it through your mind
No sound, once made, is ever truly lost. In electric clouds, all are safely trapped, and with a touch, if we find them, we can recapture those echoes of sad, forgotten wars, long summers, and sweet autumns.
You want help? Ask for help. You want love? Ask for love. If you want anything from the universe, anything from yourself, you must first ask.
Life is short; love is longer.
The day you left, it felt like I lost a diary in which I had been writing for so long. Now all that memories flashes in bits and pieces inside my head always and makes me wish that I could sit back and read it all over again.
We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
Another day.How long are you gonna scroll down?SemicolonSmile
I long for the day when I hear the musicwithout any song.
If you're a follower of Jesus, He has given you abundance so that you can care for others, not so you can stock up on capri pants for next summer or afford a leather interior in the new SUV. As long as you don't own the responsibility of being blessed with resources so that you can give to those around you, then you can stay focused on getting more for yourself.
Although I understand that all days are equal with 24 hours each, most of us agree that Friday is the longest day of the week and Sunday the shortest!
The candle is the light of life that is constantly thriving to hang on and light up the darkness of life. Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere was a candle in the wind. He was a fighter fighting the odds to survive. And he did so with incredible power to change the world. Whether your life is long or short upon the earth, it is remarkable that our little flames burns on in spite of the wind, or the challenges of life.
Arguably insane utility workers that blatantly harass law abiding customers is likely to become more frequent as the long term effects of biologically toxic radio frequency (RF) radiation exposures from their transmitting smart meters continues to emerge.
Let me leave you with this thought, written by my father before he died. If you incorporate it into your system of values, it will serve as a worthy guide to the management of your sexual energy: Strong desire is like a river. As long as it flows within the banks of God’s will—be the current strong or weak—all is well. But when it overruns those boundaries and seeks its own channels, then disaster lurks in the rampage below.
This lasted longer than I could describe even if I wrote pages and pages about it.
You must long for God more than normal. You must be willing to live to give, not live to gain.
When a nation is under oppression for too long, it gets used to it and begins to agree with that oppression
I like the Nights... not very long walks in 17:00 pm... and not very short distances.
His famous, soul-stirring "I have a dream" speech will still give you chills and break your heart today. Decades later, long after his life on earth tragically ended, the legacy of his burden lives on, improving lives for generations to come. All because one man allowed his burden to birth a dream.
For the gaming fishermen there was the Whatoosie River and its native cocka-snoek, the main game fish of the resident Skegg’s Valley Dynamite Fishing Club. Cocka-snoek were wily and tough and rather too bright for mere fish. You wouldn’t catch much with a rod around here. Many inexperienced visitors would find the bait stolen from their hooks, which punctuated the discovery that their lines had somehow got snagged and tangled irretrievably around some underwater obstruction – sometimes tied together with neat little bows. Often, several direct hits with hand grenades were needed to stun the creatures long enough just to catch them, gut them and fry them, but these former military types had become experts at it. For a modest fee, tours could be arranged via the booking office, which included an overnight stay on the banks of the river where one could drop off to a great night’s sleep after a satisfying meal of cocka-snoek done on an open fire, and the sound the bits of shrapnel made rattling in your stomach.
Very few people realize how dangerous the indoor environment can be to long term health.
Unfortunately, humans have a long history of trying to fix their engineering mistakes with more engineering mistakes!
Girls should be taught at school that giving birth to an unnaturally over-sized western baby that no longer fits down the birth canal may lead to a multitude of long term health problems.
It generally does not take long before a radiation researcher realizes that they are studying the fundamentals of life, death and mass extinctions.
Waiting so long... for 0 result?
We'll have to work on your bunny phobia later.
Sometimes talking to you is like talking to myself: pretty damned annoying.
Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life.
Curse us eh/I'll make you pay!/I don't want to rhyme all day!
But once in a while . . . I don't know. I feel so close, Rose. So close to the edge. Like if I allow myself one small misstep, I'll plunge away and never come back. It's like I'll lose myself.
Тhere isnʹt much I wouldnʹt do for you. Тhe stupider, the better.
I always think everything is going to last forever, but nothing ever does. In fact nothing exists longer than an instant except the thing that we hold in memory
I wont cry, it'll be fine. I'll take my last breath. Push it out my chest 'til there's nothing left.
The last day is way shorter than counting to ten.
No. I don't care if I'm not the first." His head tilts and his lips move within a whisper of mine. "As long as I'm the last.
The last and most important part of communication is the ability to say ‘no’.
If he can't get to the clock, any idea how we deal with this lot?""With great care," Donegan suggested."How about we run off shout and they follow?" Said Gracious. "Then, just when they think they've caught us they fall into our trap.""OK," said Tanith. "And that trap would be?""A big hole we'd dug earlier and covered with branches.'Tanith frowned. "I thought you were meant to be smart."Gracious frowned back at her. "Who told you that?""Gracious is book smart," said Donegan. "He leaves the real world thinking to people like you and me and small dogs that he meets.""The innocent are often the wisest.
It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.
Get closer," I told Blackjack. "I need to talk to the statue."Now I'm sure you've lost it, boss, he muttered, but he flew as close as he could, dodging the flying statue.
Inconvenience in progress, work is regretted.
You'll be found, your nickels, dimes and Indian-heads fused by electroplating. Abe Lincolns melted into Miss Columbias, eagles plucked raw on the backs of quarters, all run to quicksilver in your jeans. More! Any boy hit by lightning, lift his lid and there on his eyeball, pretty as the Lord's Prayer on a pin, find the last scene the boy ever saw! A box-Brownie photo, by God, of that fire climbing down the sky to blow you like a penny whistle, suck your soul back up along the bright stair!
You all have a gift. It's free. It's the gift of song.
My dad once said... "Some friends are like "rubber wrappers"; they bind with you safely but get weaker when you stretch them too much". Treat your friends with care, else the elasticity of their love for you may not go lasting!
Life is a first impression. You get one shot at it. Make it everlasting.
Degeneration and illness of our body is natural, but still we need to nurture it and take care of it, as we carry it until the last breath.
Love is an intangible thing. When you truly love, you learn that what you feel is more significant than anything that you can see. Love has more power than any weapon. It is more life giving than food or medicine. Sometimes love lasts forever and sometimes it lasts just long enough to teach you what you need to learn.
Life is about doing things that matter first, not last.
Lies have expiry date, but truth will last longer.
It's like the Bible says: Thelast shall be first and the first shall be last, and the rest will be stuck in the middle.
I want you to be holding my hand when I breathe my last breath.
Sad times won't last, if we choose to be happy with our lives.
The longer it takes to take a step, the less time you'll have to enjoy whatever you conquer.
We were the first, and we will be the last
If it didn't last, it wasn't worth it. You were just too quick to label it special.
I want to be the one who thinks every word coming out of your mouth is the ultimate truth and every smile is a blessing. Each time you dress up, you’re killing it and each time you undress, you’re killing it even more. I want all my “firsts” with you and all your “lasts” with me.
Most of us live in the illusion that we control our thoughts. However, in reality, the situation is quite the opposite.
We forget that there might be a limit to our imagination, but there is no limit to what we can achieve.
It is very strange that the years teach us patience - that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.
We live in a universe devoted to the creation, and eradication, of awareness. Augustus Waters did not die after a lengthy battle with cancer. He died after a lengthy battle with human consciousness, a victim - as you will be - of the universe's need to make and unmake all that is possible.
Since our mind is filled with useless impressions, even when we discover what we really want from life, we have trouble focusing on it.
God put you on earth with a divine assignment- something prepared in advance for you to do. I've found that the things that make us sad, the things that make us righteously angry, or the things we care about that others don't are often a key that unlocks our reason for living. It's our burden.
Jesus Christ is the source—the only source—of meaning in life. He provides the only satisfactory explanation for why we’re here and where we’re going. Because of this good news, the final heartbeat for the Christian is not the mysterious conclusion to a meaningless existence. It is, rather, the grand beginning to a life that will never end. That same Lord is waiting to embrace and forgive anyone who comes to Him in humility and repentance. He is calling your name, just as He called the name of Pete Maravich. His promise of eternal life offers the only hope for humanity. If you have never met this Jesus, I suggest that you seek spiritual counsel from a Christian leader who can offer guidance. You can also write to me, if that would help. Thanks for reading along with me. I hope to meet you someday. If our paths don’t cross this side of heaven, I’ll be looking for you in that eternal city. By all means, Be there!
We are all here with unique abilities, and hence our purpose is also unique.
16. Christians should never consult astrologers, psychics, or those who practice witchcraft (see Isaiah 47:13-14). They are usually phonies who only pretend to have extrasensory powers. But in some cases, they are working in cooperation with Satan. Rather than tamper with this evil world, the one true God wants us to bring our needs, problems, and decisions to Him. He has promised to lead us into all truth (see John 8:32).
17. One of the secrets of successful living is found in the word balance, referring to the avoidance of harmful extremes. We need food, but we should not overeat. We should work, but not make work our only activity. We should play, but not let play rule us. Throughout life, it will be important to find the safety of the middle ground rather than the imbalance of the extremes.
We live aware of God moment by moment. He is not part of our lives; He is our life.
If the seed doesn't get planted, it can't become a toxic thornbush. We must guard our minds and our hearts, starting with our eyes.
When something small loudly demands all our attention, its noise often drowns out the whisper of what's enormously important.
More important, it's because God is our only true source of life.
One of the most breathtaking concepts in all of Scripture is the revelation that God knows each of us personally and that we are in His mind both day and night. There is simply no way to comprehend the full implications of His love by the King of kings and Lord of lords. He is all-powerful and all-knowing, majestic and holy, from everlasting to everlasting. Why would He care about us—about our needs, our welfare, our fears? We have been discussing situations in which God doesn’t make sense. His concern for us mere mortals is the most inexplicable of all.
In God's economy, you may even harvest a crop in places where you didn't plant seed. When you're generous, you will be blessed, whether it comes to you materially, spiritually, emotionally, relationally, or some other way. God obviously cares much more about what happens in our hearts than what happens in our bank accounts, more about our attitudes than our credit scores. Giving generously changes you. It frees you up, undermines the power that money and possessions can have over you, and it makes you more like Him.
Most of all, we remain focused on our Rock that never moves.
To get rid of a spiritual problem, we need to pull it up by its spiritual root. To pull up roots, we're going to have to be willing to get our hands dirty, to make some sacrifices that provides long-term benefits instead of short-term, refinanced gains. God is willing to help us, to provide the tools we need to weed out those areas where our desire for money is spoiling our fruit of the Spirit.
The entire time we playing, the current had gently moved us downstream with the tide. We were drifting the whole time and never realized it until we couldn't find our way back.
He is the God who loved you so much that His Son stripped Himself of all heavenly glory to live as an impoverished Jewish carpenter so He could shed His blood, suffer, and die for the forgiveness of our sins.
We find our lives when we give them away.
Relationships are working either for our good and success, or they are harming us
The only thing that is ordinary is our perception. It's everything else that's special.
For many of us, it's just one thing standing in our way of completely following Jesus.
The casualty of war is our disappearing humanity.
Your food will converge with my foodYour clothes will stitch with my clothesYour culture will merge with my cultureWe'll create something beautiful Something newWe'll call it our culture
When it's clear that we have a commitment to God that comes before anything else in our lives, most people will respect us even if they don't share our faith.
Fueled by faith and passion for our true priorities we're going to drive against traffic in order to find rest, refreshment, and time for what matters most in life.
I wonder if He anticipates the day when He can make us understand what was occurring in our time of trial. I wonder if He broods over our sorrows.
35. God is entitled to a portion of our income—not because He needs it but because we need to give it.
If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a sense of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.
Popular culture is a place where pity is called compassion, flattery is called love, propaganda is called knowledge, tension is called peace, gossip is called news, and auto-tune is called singing.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
No popularity exists when tragedy strikes. All that's left are human hearts and love and ache. We all love each other, deep down, and when we see another soul in pain we can't help but hurt too.
Vampires were always either trying to kill me, or own me. God I hated being popular.
I hold a strict policy of automatic grudges against people everyone likes.
Popular,You're gonna bePopular!I'll teach you the proper ployswhen you talk to boys!Little ways to flirt and flounce!I'll show you what shoes to wear,how to fix your hair,everything that really counts,to bePOPULAR!!
I didn't want to be popular because it was easier; I wanted to be popular because in high school that's the best thing you can be: perfect. Everything else is shit.
Wherever you may go; Life is a beautiful thing. Life is like a passing season. It comes and go. Whatever may come, it's better to enjoy the changing seasons.
We awaken by asking the right questions. We awaken when we see knowledge being spread that goes against our own personal experiences. We awaken when we see popular opinion being wrong but accepted as being right, and what is right being pushed as being wrong. We awaken by seeking answers in corners that are not popular. And we awaken by turning on the light inside when everything outside feels dark.
He knows how to market himself well. Nowadays, that's all that seems to count. He's rebellious in a way that appeals to people with vain, shallow taste. So of course he manipulates his audiences with the blessing of his recording company and the financial investors behind his brand.
As individuals die every moment, how insensitive and fabricated a love it is to set aside a day from selfish routine in prideful, patriotic commemoration of tragedy. Just as God is provoked by those who tithe simply because they feel that they must tithe, I am provoked by those who commemorate simply because they feel that they must commemorate.
As we look over the list of the early leaders of the republic, Washington, John Adams, Hamilton, and others, we discern that they were all men who insisted upon being themselves and who refused to truckle to the people. With each succeeding generation, the growing demand of the people that its elective officials shall not lead but merely register the popular will has steadily undermined the independence of those who derive their power from popular election. The persistent refusal of the Adamses to sacrifice the integrity of their own intellectual and moral standards and values for the sake of winning public office or popular favor is another of the measuring rods by which we may measure the divergence of American life from its starting point.
There is this common notion that people are shallow and ignorant until they go out and see the world. I, on the other hand, went out and in comparison realized I was in pretty good standing.
The man or woman you really love will never grow old to you. Through the wrinkles of time, through the bowed frame of years, you will always see the dear face and feel the warm heart union of your eternal love.
Sorry, Bex," Jason said "You don't have the recognizable facial characteristics - such as a huge chin, or a large amount of real estate between the eyes - that would merit the bestowing of a criminal mastermind nickname such as Lockjaw or Walleye. Whereas Crazytop here...well, just look at her." "Atleast I can blow-dry my hair straight," I pointed out. "Which is more than what I can say for your nose, Hawkface.
Even the most popular people could feel lonely sometimes.
Fame is rarely bred by greatness.
No better words than "thank you" have yet been discovered to express the sincere gratitude of one's heart, when the two words are sincerely spoken.
It is strange to both fit in everywhere and belong nowhere, to never feel completely at home outside of your own skin
Beck, listen to me. Benji is an asshole. Okay?"I want to scream YES but I sit. Still. Benji. "Listen, Beck," Chana rails on. "Some guys are assholes and you have to accept that. You can buy him all the books in the world and he's still gonna be Benji. He'll never be Benjamin or, God forbid, Ben because he doesn't have to, because he's a permanent man-baby, okay? He and his club soda can fuck off and so can his stupid ass name. I mean seriously, Benji? Is he kidding? And the way he says it. Like it's Asian or French. Ben Geeee. Dude, just fuck off." Lynn sigh. "I never thought about it that much. Benji. Ben Gee. Gee, Ben." There's a little laughter now and I am learning things about Benji. I don't like it but I have to accept it. Benji is real and I get another vodka soda. Benji.
Real burrata is a creation of arresting beauty- white and unblemished on the surface, with a swollen belly and a pleated top. The outer skin should be taut and resistant, while the center should give ever so slightly with gentle prodding. Look at the seam on top: As with mozzarella, it should be rough, imperfect, the sign of human hands at work. Cut into the bulge, and the deposit of fresh cream and mozzarella morsels seems to exhale across the plate. The richness of the cream- burrata comes from burro, the Italian word for "butter"- coats the mouth, the morsels of mozzarella detonate one by one like little depth charges, and the entire package pulses with a gentle current of acidity.The brothers, of course, like to put their own spin on burrata. Sometimes that means mixing cubes of fresh mango into its heart. Or Spanish anchovies. Even caviar. Today, Paolo sends me next door to a vegetable stand to buy wild arugula, which he chops and combines with olives and chunks of tuna and stirs into the liquid heart of the burrata, so that each bite registers in waves: sharp, salty, fishy, creamy. It doesn't move me the same way the pure stuff does, but if I lived on a daily diet of burrata, as so many Dicecca customers do, I'd probably welcome a little surprise in the package from time to time.While the Diceccas experiment with what they can put into burrata, the rest of the world rushes to find the next food to put it onto. Don't believe me? According to Yelp, 1,800 restaurants in New York currently serve burrata. In Barcelona, more than 500 businesses have added it to the menu. Burrata burgers, burrata pizza, burrata mac and cheese. Burrata avocado toasts. Burrata kale salads. It's the perfect food for the globalized palate: neutral enough to fit into anything, delicious enough to improve anything.
...successful creations grow most predictably when they tap into a small network of people who do not see themselves as mainstream, but rather bound by an idea or commonality that they consider special. People have all day to talk about what makes them ordinary. It turns out that they want to share what makes them weird.
...It was only ninety-four pages long, and so obviously wretchedly written it was destined to become a huge fad
Justice requires enduring dispassion without concern to popular desires.
As the poets for the most part had their share of scholarship, it gave rise to a curious struggle between their natural inclination and their imaginary duty. When they sacrificed to the latter, they were praised by the learned; but by yielding to the former, they became the favourites of the people.
If you wish to understand the subconscious mind of an individual or a society, you have to understand the core beliefs which are shaped by the popular myths and scriptures of the society.
Attempting to appropriate or denigrate the popularity of others will backfire and undermine yours.
The monument of a great man is not of granite or marble or bronze. It consists of his goodness, his deeds, his love and compassion.
A brilliant piece of writing by an unknown author is not even noticed, while the ordinary work of a well-known author becomes a bestseller. It is worth remembering that even this well known author had to struggle, like an ordinary author, at the start of his career when he was not that popular.
Political tags — such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth — are never basic criteria. The human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire. The former are idealists acting from highest motives for the greatest good of the greatest number. The latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in altruism. But they are more comfortable neighbors than the other sort.
In my view, the pro-life movement at this point should focus on seeking to reduce the number of abortions. At times it will require political education and legal fights, at times it will require education and the establishment of alternatives to abortion, such as adoption centers. Unfortunately, such measures are sometimes opposed by so-called hard-liners in the pro-life movement. These hard-liners are fools. Because they want to outlaw all abortions, they refuse to settle for stopping some abortions; the consequence is that they end up preventing no abortions.
The essence of Christianity is told us in the Garden of Eden history. The fruit that was forbidden was on the tree of knowledge. The subtext is, 'All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions.
I have wondered at times what the Ten Commandments would have looked like if Moses had run them through the US Congress.
If you want government to intervene domestically, you’re a liberal. If you want government to intervene overseas, you’re a conservative. If you want government to intervene everywhere, you’re a moderate. If you don’t want government to intervene anywhere, you’re an extremist.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
I'd be a conservative if I'd never met any. They're selfish, mean-spirited, egocentric, reactionary, and boring.
There is a legitimate argument over whether the death penalty effectively deters violent crime, although my personal observation is that not one of the criminals who have been executed over the years has ever killed again.
This country would not be a land of opportunity, America could not be America, if the people were shackled with government monopolies.
The conservatives are fools: They whine about the decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically support technological progress and economic growth. Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy of a society without causing rapid changes in all other aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid changes inevitably break down traditional values.
When the focus becomes ‘What would Jesus do?’ instead of ‘What has Jesus done?’ the [conservative/liberal] labels no longer matter.
An imaginary circle of empathy is drawn by each person. It circumscribes the person at some distance, and corresponds to those things in the world that deserve empathy. I like the term "empathy" because it has spiritual overtones. A term like "sympathy" or "allegiance" might be more precise, but I want the chosen term to be slightly mystical, to suggest that we might not be able to fully understand what goes on between us and others, that we should leave open the possibility that the relationship can't be represented in a digital database.If someone falls within your circle of empathy, you wouldn't want to see him or her killed. Something that is clearly outside the circle is fair game. For instance, most people would place all other people within the circle, but most of us are willing to see bacteria killed when we brush our teeth, and certainly don't worry when we see an inanimate rock tossed aside to keep a trail clear.The tricky part is that some entities reside close to the edge of the circle. The deepest controversies often involve whether something or someone should lie just inside or just outside the circle. For instance, the idea of slavery depends on the placement of the slave outside the circle, to make some people nonhuman. Widening the circle to include all people and end slavery has been one of the epic strands of the human story - and it isn't quite over yet.A great many other controversies fit well in the model. The fight over abortion asks whether a fetus or embryo should be in the circle or not, and the animal rights debate asks the same about animals.When you change the contents of your circle, you change your conception of yourself. The center of the circle shifts as its perimeter is changed. The liberal impulse is to expand the circle, while conservatives tend to want to restrain or even contract the circle. Empathy Inflation and Metaphysical AmbiguityAre there any legitimate reasons not to expand the circle as much as possible?There are. To expand the circle indefinitely can lead to oppression, because the rights of potential entities (as perceived by only some people) can conflict with the rights of indisputably real people. An obvious example of this is found in the abortion debate. If outlawing abortions did not involve commandeering control of the bodies of other people (pregnant women, in this case), then there wouldn't be much controversy. We would find an easy accommodation.Empathy inflation can also lead to the lesser, but still substantial, evils of incompetence, trivialization, dishonesty, and narcissism. You cannot live, for example, without killing bacteria. Wouldn't you be projecting your own fantasies on single-cell organisms that would be indifferent to them at best? Doesn't it really become about you instead of the cause at that point?
In philosophy seminars, the choice is usually between good and evil. In the real world, however, the choice is often between a bad guy and a worse guy.
In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.
In the United States I have always believed that there was a big difference between Conservative and stupid. Boy is it getting harder to prove that one by the minute.
It turns out that indecision is a path itself; but figuratively, a vertical path - up or down - meaning it isn't always a fruitless path. One is forgotten, but the other is glorified. To be what they call 'middle-of-the-road' in most cases just means you have a hard time figuring out who between options is dumber. So quite often those who refused to decide were, after all, the bold individuals, the influential ones, the creative ones, those who snatched their own authority.
There was nothing conservative about Adolf Hitler. Hitler was an artist and a revolutionary at heart. He wanted to completely upend and remake German society.
A word to those of you out there who have yet to be offended by something I have said: Please be patient. I am working as fast as I can.
The government of the United States is a device for maintaining in perpetuity the rights of the people, with the ultimate extinction of all privileged classes.
If Americans simply choose to vote for the person who has a D or an R by their name, we will get what we deserve, which is what we have now.
What never fails inside the mind of an intellectual never works outside the confines of his head. The world’s stubborn refusal to vindicate the intellectual’s theories serves as proof of humanity’s irrationality, not his own. Thus, the true believer retrenches rather than rethinks; he launches a war on the world, denying reality because it fails to conform to his theories. If intellectuals are not prepared to reconcile theory and practice, then why do they bother to venture outside the ivory tower or the coffeehouse? Why not stay in the world of abstractions and fantasy?
Where there's smoke around a conservative, there are journalists furiously rubbing two sticks together.
I think there should be a literacy test and a poll tax for people to vote.
Like Aristotle, conservatives generally accept the world as it is; they distrust the politics of abstract reason – that is, reason divorced from experience.
I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism.
It does strange things to you to realize that the conservative establishment is forcing you to be a progressive liberal fighter for universal rights.
What I have been trying to say to intellectuals, preachers, scientists- as well as more generally to publics- can be put into one sentence: drop the liberal rhetoric and the conservative default; they are now parts of one and the same official line; transcend that line.
One of the Christian's biggest fears is appearing 'too Christian'. God forbid, because that's often characterized as god-awful! We want to be one, but without being 'one of them'.
YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
It will always be essential for conservatives to find energy and ideas by defining ourselves in opposition to the liberal impulse to find a government solution to every problem and the equally illiberal impulse to silence disagreeable speech.
He could do nothing else but follow this intrinsically conservative tendency, conservative because tending towards a timeless and abstract canon of form, but nevertheless progressive in the stylistic situation of the time.
Stop telling me I’m oppressed.....I’m not a victim. I don’t know why feminists are so hellbent on characterizing me as one.....Feminists don’t speak for me. They’re not my voice. They’re not my representation. I owe them nothing, except maybe a shred of sympathy. How miserable must they be to see oppression at every turn?...You DON’T speak for me. You DON’T represent me or my concerns....We’re living proof that the modern day feminist movement is a crock.Feminists are victims of their own delusions, and we’ll never buy what they’re selling.
If freedom, democracy, and the rights of man are to be preserved through the ages, free men and women must accept the responsibilities that go with their freedoms.
Conservative Christians take every word of the Bible literally except for the part about Loving Thy Neighbor.
Rise of Science DenialismThe problem is, in a world where some people (even in the USA, where someone like Donald Trump was allowed to rise to the level of a serious presidential candidate in 2016) have descended to such levels of ignorance that science itself is dismissed by leaders, political and religious as ‘an agenda’, and frightening numbers of people cling to ignorance and superstition because it suits their conservative anti-human rights views and objectives.
The way you dress is how you greet the sun and other stars.
If you want to overthrow the government, you’re not really conservative anymore.
Archaeology is a deeply conservative discipline and I have found that archaeologists, no matter where they are working, have a horror of questioning anything their predecessors and peers have already announced to be true. They run a very real risk of jeopardizing their careers if they do. In consequence they focus--perhaps to a large extent subconsciously--on evidence and arguments that don't upset the applecart. There might be room for some tinkering around the edges, some refinement of orthodox ideas, but God forbid that anything should be discovered that might seriously undermine the established paradigm.
The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure. Those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies only contribute to the continued suffering of the people who live under these cruel systems.
You can coddle your rage, or you can fully engage.
It is very difficult to convince a person to come out of his conservative shell, unless he feels discomfort there.
Men often want to be known as gods, or, at the very least, to be their own gods; and indeed, they most definitely act as though they are gods...Which is to say: exigent, sure gods of (mass) confusion. In a political sense the liberal man is like one shouting over the voice of God thus making it difficult to hear God; the conservative man is like one standing in the way of God, making it difficult to see God.
...We are reviled, much like black conservatives and any other minority group that says ‘no’ to the Left’s victimhood politics....It’s amazing that being a homosexual who believes in small government and personal accountability can get you banned from a Manhattan Chinese restaurant.
It is very difficult to convince a person to come out of his conversative shell, unless he doesn't feel discomfort there.
The data on the economic utility of artists is really, really strong. Artists and entrepreneurs are the same people...and of course entrepreneurs are the people who provide all of the vision for the entire capitalist system. They're absolutely necessary.But conservatives tend to be so blind to art that they can't even see that the artists are the ones who drive the economy forward!
The word evangelical is thrown around quite loosely these days in the media. It has become synonymous with being a Republican or a conservative. It may come as a shock to some, but every Republican is not a Christian and every Christian is not a conservative.
My definition of TheologyMy proverb of theology is a doctrine study of overall foundation of biblical notions, transcendence, an scriptures relativist, researcher and conservative of the Word of God with sensible and measured pursuit of infinite growth, a marriage of the spiritual knowledge (Gnosis), and unutterable love for the faith in constant pursuits and mission for truths with devoutness to prowess faith and love from faith’s vocation and noetic that’s flamed within that gives us the calling (vocation) of theologian. For theology pursues and endless journey of the Lord’s knowledge while maintaining the faith and is the strength hold of creed that manifest purpose, ontology and guardianship of the soul and wisdom, in a relation, a sound mind for divinity. . .
The vision of the Progressive has often been but to walk forward while facing backward; the business of the Reactionary, but that of walking backward while facing forward; henceforth the fallout is oftentimes, and obviously enough, but the formulation and the construction of obstacles in life and hurdles on-site, as long as there are cliffs on edge.
For instance, there's a college in northern California called Chico State, which is where guys like Reagan and Shultz [Reagan's Secretary of State] send their kids so they won't be infected by "lefties" at Berkeley. The place is right in the middle of four hundred miles of cornfields, or whatever it is they grow out there, a million miles from nowhere, and when you fly in you land at an airport that's about half the size of a house. Well, when I landed there, a student and a faculty member who were like the two local radicals at the school came out to meet me. And as we were walking to the car, I noticed we had to go a pretty long distance, because the airport was all surrounded with yellow police tape. So I asked these guys, "What's going on, are they rebuilding the landing strip or something?" You know what they said? "No, that's to protect the airport from Arab terrorists." I said, "Arab terrorists in northern California?" But they thought so. And when I got into the town, everybody was walking around in army fatigues and wearing yellow ribbons, saying "If Saddam comes, we're going to fight to the death," and so on.
If you really observe “suburbia,” it was created from fear or for lack of a better word, the conservative mindset terrified of anything original. Especially terrified of the individual. Thousands of years ago they called it Babylon.
I'd rather have a pedophile in office rather than a democrat any day of the week and twice on Sunday. Pedophiles only screw kids while democrats screw everyone.
Any informed conservative is reluctant to condense profound and intricate intellectual systems to a few pretentious phrases; he prefers to leave that technique to the enthusiasm of radicals.
In its 'totalising' vision the left fails to distinguish civil society from the state, and fails to understand that the ends of life arise from our free associations and not from the coercive discipline of an egalitarian elite.
Under this linguistic strategy, the New Right relabeled its resistance to women's newly acquired reproductive rights as "pro-life"; its opposition to women's newly embraced sexual freedom became "pro-chastity"; and its hostility to women's mass entry into the work force became "pro-motherhood." Finally, the New Right renamed itself- its regressive and negative stance against the progress of women's rights became "pro-family." . . .In the '20's, the Ku Klux Klan had built support with a similar rhetorical maneuver, downplaying their racism and recasting it as patriotism; they weren't lynching blacks, they were moral reformers defending the flag.p238
Bigotry against any group should be disqualifying for high office.
I’m not going to support any legislation that I would regard as socially illiberal, or taking this country backwards.
Bundy sternly tool his fellow endowment fund managers to task - not for being too bold, but for being insufficiently so:We have the preliminary impression that over the long run caution has cost our colleges and universities much more than imprudence or excessive risk-taking.
It is a scientific fact that our perceptions are strongly influenced by our desires and motivations. When we are hungry, food-related words tend to grab our attention more than words that are not related to food. You can observe the similar situation related to sexual hunger. Until you cannot satisfy your sexual hunger, your attention will be focused on sexual thing more than normal. That is why conservative societies, which tend to suppress sexual drives, are more implicitly sex-oriented than are liberal societies, which tolerate them. Without any regard to severe suppression of sexuality, no society can reject the fact that sexual thoughts float through a man’s brain, on average, many times each day, and it has no connection with morality. The reason lies in the design of male brain, which devotes two and a half times to sexual drives in comparison with female brain. Total and complete covering of the female body and strict prohibition against emotional contact with her only trigger the sexual fantasy of the male brain, which, in turn, leads to sexual savagery and aggressiveness, making discomfort both for the person himself and for others.
It was a town mostly populated with elderly John Wayne fans and their caregivers.
In American popular usage today, 'liberalism' means left-liberalism – not to be confused with 'neoliberalism' ... and is expressly contrasted with 'conservatism'. In this usage a liberal is one who leans consciously towards the underprivileged, supports the interests of minorities and socially excluded groups, believes in the use of state power to achieve social justice, and in all probability shares the egalitarian and secular values of the nineteenth century socialists.
And while it’s nice of you to want to call us ‘modern’ or ‘moderate,’ we’ll do without the redundancy. Islam is by definition moderate, so the more strictly we adhere to its fundamentals — the more moderate we’ll be. And Islam is by nature timeless and universal, so if we’re truly Islamic — we’ll always be modern.We’re not ‘Progressives’; we’re not ‘Conservatives’. We’re not ‘neo-Salafi’; we’re not ‘Islamists’. We’re not ‘Traditionalists’; we’re not ‘Wahabis’. We’re not ‘Immigrants’ and we’re not ‘Indigenous’. Thanks, but we’ll do without your prefix.We’re just Muslim.
We (libertarians) find just as many things to rip on the left as we do on the right. People on the far-left and the far-right are the same exact person to us.
There is one point of phraseology which I ought to explain here to forestall any misunderstanding. I use throughout the term "liberal" in the original, nineteenth-century sense in which it is still current in Britain. In current American usage it often means very nearly the opposite of this. It has been part of the camouflage of leftish movements in this country, helped by the muddleheadedness of many who really believe in liberty, that "liberal" has come to mean the advocacy of almost every kind of government control. I am still puzzled why those in the United States who truly believe in liberty should not only have allowed the left to appropriate this almost indispensable term but should even have assisted by beginning to use it themselves as a term of opprobrium. This seems to be particularly regrettable because of the consequent tendency of many true liberals to describe themselves as conservatives. It is true, of course, that in the struggle against the believers in the all-powerful state the true liberal must sometimes make common cause with the conservative, and in some circumstances, as in contemporary Britain, he has hardly any other way of actively working for his ideals. But true liberalism is still distinct from conservatism, and there is danger in the two being confused. Conservatism, though a necessary element in any stable society, is not a social program; in its paternalistic, nationalistic, and power-adoring tendencies it is often closer to socialism than true liberalism; and with its traditionalistic, anti-intellectual, and often mystical propensities it will never, except in short periods of disillusionment, appeal to the young and all those others who believe that some changes are desirable if this world is to become a better place. A conservative movement, by its very nature, is bound to be a defender of established privilege and to lean on the power of absolute government for the protection of privilege. The essence of the liberal position, however, is the denial of all privilege, if privilege is understood in its proper and original meaning of the state granting and protecting rights to some which are not available on equal terms to others
Both political parties have moved to the right during the neoliberal period. Today’s New Democrats are pretty much what used to be called “moderate Republicans.” The “political revolution” that Bernie Sanders called for, rightly, would not have greatly surprised Dwight Eisenhower.The fate of the minimum wage illustrates what has been happening. Through the periods of high and egalitarian growth in the ‘50s and ‘60s, the minimum wage—which sets a floor for other wages—tracked productivity. That ended with the onset of neoliberal doctrine. Since then, the minimum wage has stagnated (in real value). Had it continued as before, it would probably be close to $20 per hour. Today, it is considered a political revolution to raise it to $15.
The problem is politics is made a sport, almost as much a sport as football or baseball. When it comes to politics, adults and politicians do more finger-pointing and play more games than children ever do. Too often are we rooting for the pride of a team rather than the good of the nation.
The U.S. didn't achieve its liberty or prosperity by mistake. It was by design, and the architects were the Founding Fathers. Don't mess with the Constitution. The Constitution matters.
If the political left weren't so joyless, humorless, intrusive, taxing, over-taxing, anarchistic, controlling, rudderless, chaos-prone, pedantic, unrealistic, hypocritical, clueless, politically correct, angry, cruel, sanctimonious, retributive, redistributive, intolerant, and if the political left wasn't hell-bent on expansion of said unpleasantness into all aspects of my family's life the truth is: I would not be in your life. If the democratic party were run by Joe Lieberman and Evan Bayh, if it had the slightest vestige of JFK and Henry "Scoop" Jackson I wouldn't be on the political map. If the American media were run by biased but not evil Tim Russert and David Brinkley types I wouldn't have joined the fight. You would not know who I am. The left made me do it, I swear, I am a reluctant cultural warrior.
By far the most significant consequence of "selfish capitalism" (Thatch/Blatcherism) has been a startling increase in the incidence of mental illness in both children and adults since the 1970s.
There's nothing good about diversity, other than the food, and we don't need 128 million Mexicans for the restaurants.
Now, where are [Mexican illegal immigrants] fleeing from? Mostly from Central America, where they’re fleeing from the results of our policies.
The same people who wear shirts that read “fuck your feelings” and rail against “political correctness” seem to believe that there should be no social consequences for [voting for Trump]. I keep hearing calls for empathy and healing, civility and polite discourse. As if supporting a man who would fill his administration with white nationalists and misogynists is something to simply agree to disagree on.Absolutely not. You don’t get to vote for a person who brags about sexual assault and expect that the women in your life will just shrug their shoulders. You don’t get to play the victim when people unfriend you on Facebook, as if being disliked for supporting a bigot is somehow worse than the suffering that marginalized people will endure under Trump. And you certainly do not get to enjoy a performance by people of color and those in the LGBT community without remark or protest when you enact policies and stoke hatred that put those very people’s lives in danger.Being socially ostracized for supporting Trump is not an infringement of your rights, it’s a reasonable response by those of us who are disgusted, anxious, and afraid. I was recently accused by a writer of “vote shaming” – but there’s nothing wrong with being made to feel ashamed for doing something shameful.
There are times when it is conservative to be a revolutionary, when the world must be turned on its head in order to be stood on its feet.
I can’t even believe the world we live in. My parents raised me to work hard, not to ever expect any handouts in life – and to treat people with respect.
Being bigheaded can be as irritating and as dangerous as being small-minded.
Becoming a part of a movement doesn't help anybody think clearly.
If we conservatives “of color” refuse to promote the welfare state, unfettered abortion, affirmative action, and massive immigration, we are guilty of “selling out.
Liberty will never yield equality. Freewill produces a mess that you either accept or reject in favor of slavery.
Revolutionists amke a reform, Conservatives only conserve the reform. They never reform the reform, which is often very much wanted.
It is scarcely the same thing to put a man on the moon as to put a bone in your nose.
Regulated" rights are not rights. They are niceties and platitudes intended to keep the populace thinking their individual autonomy is respected by their government.
I wonder why bigots think their conservative and puritanical version of 'God' made the male body with a prostate gland that also co-incidentally 'just happens' to be a 'g-spot'?
I began to realize that maybe my opinions just didn’t fit in with the liberal status quo, which seems to mean that you must absolutely hate Trump, his supporters and everything they believe. If you dare not to protest or boycott Trump, you are a traitor.If you dare to question liberal stances or make an effort toward understanding why conservatives think the way they do, you are a traitor. It can seem like liberals are actually against free speech if it fails to conform with the way they think. And I don’t want to be a part of that club anymore.
Needless to say, there are people who hate Arabs, Somalis, and other immigrants from predominantly Muslim societies for racist reasons. But if you can’t distinguish that sort of blind bigotry from a hatred and concern for dangerous, divisive, and irrational ideas—like a belief in martyrdom, or a notion of male “honor” that entails the virtual enslavement of women and girls—you are doing real harm to our public conversation. Everything I have ever said about Islam refers to the content and consequences of its doctrine. And, again, I have always emphasized that its primary victims are innocent Muslims—especially women and girls.
If you ask a conservative for a statement of his political convictions, he may well say that he has none, and that the greatest heresy of modernity is precisely to see politics as a matter of convictions as though one could recuperate, at the level of political purpose, the consoling certainty which once was granted by religious faith. In another sense, however, conservatism does rest in a system of belief, and is opposed as much to the theory as to the practice of socialist and liberal politics.
Normality is an illusion, created by a conservative culture to control behaviour
Safaris through ancestral memories teach me many things. The patterns, ahhh, the patterns. Liberal bigots are the ones who trouble me the most. I distrust extremes. Scratch a conservative and you find someone who prefers the past over any future. Scratch a liberal and find a closet aristocrat. It's true! Liberal governments always develop into aristocracies. The bureaucracies betray the true intent of people who from such governments. Right from the first, the little people who formed the governments which promised to equalize the social burdens found themselves suddenly in the hands of bureaucratic aristocracies. Of course, all bureaucracies follow this pattern, but what a hypocrisy to find this even under a communized banner.
A conservative culture will resist change and treat progress as a virus
The conduct of affairs, for the Rationalist, is a matter of solving problems, and in this no man can hope to be successful whose reason has become inflexible by surrender to habit or is clouded by the fumes of tradition. In this activity the character which the Rationalist claims for himself is the character of the engineer, whose mind (it is supposed) is controlled throughout by appropriate technique and whose first step is to dismiss from his attention everything not directly related to his specific intentions. The assimilation of politics to engineering is, indeed, what may be called the myth of rationalist politics. And it is, of course, a recurring theme in the literature of Rationalism. The politics it inspires may be called the politics of the felt need; for the Rationalist, politics are always charged with the feeling of the moment. He waits upon circumstance to provide him with his problems, but rejects its aid in their solution. That anything should be allowed to stand between a society and the satisfaction of the felt needs of each moment in its history must appear to the Rationalist a piece of mysticism and nonsense. And his politics are, in fact, the rational solution of those practical conundrums which the recognition of the sovereignty of the felt need perpetually creates in the life of a society. Thus, political life is resolved into a succession of crises, each to be surmounted by the application of "reason." Each generation, indeed, each administration, should see unrolled before it the blank sheet of infinite possibility. And if by chance this tablula vasa has been defaced by the irrational scribblings of tradition-ridden ancestors, then the first task of the Rationalist must be to scrub it clean; as Voltaire remarked, the only way to have good laws is to burn all existing laws and start afresh.
They are trying to hold on to a world that no longer exists. They are blind and terrified because they feel it slipping away from them. They are gripping thin air but they keep trying desperately to hold on to it - hoping the air will turn into something familiar and solid.
He shook out a copy of The Manchester Guardian. He had noticed that conservative newspapers sometimes inspired confidence in the shy.
There’s something about sitting alone in the dark that reminds you how big the world really is, and how far apart we all are. The stars look like they’re so close, you could reach out and touch them. But you can’t. Sometimes things look a lot closer than they are.
A great man is always willing to be little.
Men and women are not limited by the place of their birth, not by color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.
No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.
Yes no yes no yes no?Red blue?Yes red, no blue?No red, yes no?In out, up down?Do don't, can can't?Choices sit on the shelf lifeNew shoes in a shoe shop.If the in crowd are squeezing into a must-have shoeAnd the one pair left are too tiny for youDon't feel compelled into choosing themIf you're really a size 9, buy that size.While everyone elseHobbles round with sore feetYour choices should feel comfortableOr they aren't your choices at all.Why limp when you can sprint?
The horse respects and obeys man because its large eyes magnify everything, so man appears much larger than the horse itself.
It kind of struck me how great it would be to go out with a guy that size. And if you, you know, got tired of dating him, you could always use him as a house or something.
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
You would hardly think, at first, that horrid monsters lie up there waiting to be discovered by any moderately penetrating mind--monsters to which those of the oceans bear no sort of comparison."What monsters may they be?"Impersonal monsters, namely, Immensities. Until a person has thought out the stars and their inter-spaces, he has hardly learnt that there are things much more terrible than monsters of shape, namely, monsters of magnitude without known shape. Such monsters are the voids and waste places of the sky... In these our sight plunges quite beyond any twinkler we have yet visited. Those deep wells for the human mind to let itself down into, leave alone the human body! and think of the side caverns and secondary abysses to right and left as you pass on!...There is a size at which dignity begins," he exclaimed; "further on there is a size at which grandeur begins; further on there is a size at which solemnity begins; further on, a size at which awfulness begins; further on, a size at which ghastliness begins. That size faintly approaches the size of the stellar universe. So am I not right in saying that those minds who exert their imaginative powers to bury themselves in the depths of that universe merely strain their faculties to gain a new horror?
But there is a limit to thinking about even a small piece of something monumental. You still see the shadow of the whole rearing up behind you, and you become lost in your thoughts in part from the panic of realizing the size of that imagined leviathan.
All right, my hope—but I am not saying the rest of it—I have something you need to feel.”She feigned the sound of outrage. “But we barely know each other, sir!”He laughed softly. “But you must hold it in your hand and feel it change,” he urged, in her ear. “I insist. I can wait no longer.”She knew they were on a serious subject, but the flutter of his breath on her skin, the low drawl of his words—heat raced along all her nerve endings. “Will I like it?”“Well, I do have to apologize for its size. It is rather small.” And with that, he pressed something rather small into her hand.
All space is relative. There is no such thing as size. The telescope and the microscope have produced a deadly leveling of great and small, far and near. The only little thing is sin, the only great thing is fear!("The Jelly-Fish")
You could try making sense out of the universe, but you were too small and the parts you needed to see were too large or even smaller.
No one is excluded from the astronaut corps based on penis size.
It's the way of the lay, not the size of the prize.
Welcome to your new bodies, gentlemen. If you'd like, I can help you start your own 'dysmorphia is all in your head' support group.
Darkness exaggerates the size of a spark.
The historic beauty of BJJ rests not with its ability to allow a smaller man to maim a larger man, but with its ability to allow any man of any size to survive.
Some hills are each only a few centimeters short of being a mountain.
I tell you about a fact and truth. In physical reality of matter, there's no such thing as an imaginary spirit nor spiritual ghost. They are also made of matter, but totally different in size andlaws of physics which rule their life and the way they interact.
Lice don't seem so small when they get in your hair.
The Brain Size of People who see Big Dreams, is same as of Yours.
Nessa held her arm up. She was staring at it, trying to gauge how big that was. “Dude, that’s as big as my arm. That’s like being f****d by a limb dude!” She wiggled her arm back and forth. “That's not normal.
Emotional Intelligence can be learned. Try it on for the size always fits, needs no return, and never wears out.
...Troy itself was disappointingly small. Like little more than your ordinary city block and a few stories in height, practically.Although now that I remember, everything in William Shakespeare's house at Stratford-on-Avon was astonishingly tiny, too. As if only imaginary people had lived there then.Or perhaps it is only the past itself, which is always smaller than one had believed.
10 square meters of heaven is worth far more than 100 square meters of hell.
The biggest catch need not be grandest at all.
A bigger tongue does not make tasty food tastier.
Again, a beautiful object, whether it be a living organism or any whole composed of parts, must not only have an orderly arrangement of parts, but must also be of a certain magnitude; for beauty depends on magnitude and order. Hence a very small animal organism cannot be beautiful; for the view of it is confused, the object being seen in an almost imperceptible moment of time. Nor, again, can one of vast size be beautiful; for as the eye cannot take it all in at once, the unity and sense of the whole is lost for the spectator; as for instance if there were one a thousand miles long. As, therefore, in the case of animate bodies and organisms a certain magnitude is necessary, and a magnitude which may be easily embraced in one view; so in the plot, a certain length is necessary, and a length which can be easily embraced by the memory. The limit of length in relation to dramatic competition and sensuous presentment, is no part of artistic theory. For had it been the rule for a hundred tragedies to compete together, the performance would have been regulated by the water-clock,--as indeed we are told was formerly done. But the limit as fixed by the nature of the drama itself is this: the greater the length, the more beautiful will the piece be by reason of its size, provided that the whole be perspicuous. And to define the matter roughly, we may say that the proper magnitude is comprised within such limits, that the sequence of events, according to the law of probability or necessity, will admit of a change from bad fortune to good, or from good fortune to bad.
Super Extra Grande. If it's only medium sized, don't even bother.
I was always holding onto people, and they were always leaving.
There’s something about arriving in new cities, wandering empty streets with no destination. I will never lose the love for the arriving, but I'm born to leave.
I don't understand how I can know so little about love and how it works. How I can be so bad at it when it's all I've ever wanted.All I've ever known is about leaving or being left.
I am not a broken heart. I am not collarbones or drunken letters never sent. I am not the way I leave or left or didn’t know how to handle anything,at any time,and I am not your fault.
I just let the pain take over, allowing it to numb the pain of being left behind.
I dreamed of you every night. It felt so real. And when I'd wake up the next morning, it was like your disappearance was fresh. Like you'd left me all over again.
IN THE HANDS OF MANHe who creates a poison, also has the cure.He who creates a virus, also has the antidote.He who creates chaos, also has the ability to create peace.He who sparks hate, also has the ability to transform it to love.He who creates misery, also has the ability to destroy it with kindness.He who creates sadness, also has the ability to to covert it to happiness.He who creates darkness, can also be awakened to produce illumination.He who spreads fear, can also be shaken to spread comfort.Any problems created by the left hand of man,Can also be solved with the right,For he who manifests anything,Also has the ability toDestroy it.
He was afraid of touching his own wrist. He never attempted to sleep on his left side, even in those dismal hours of the night when the insomniac longs for a third side after trying the two he has.
Sometimes I wonder if we ever truly let anyone completely in. The desire for another human being to know you, all of you, all the pieces, even the ones you’re ashamed of — is huge. But too often, we sit down and sort through the pieces only picking out the pretty ones, leaving the ugly ones behind, not realizing that choosing not to share with someone else is like committing a crime against our very soul
The middle path makes me wary. . . . But in the middle of my life, I am coming to see the middle path as a walk with wisdom where conversations of complexity can be found, that the middle path is the path of movement. . . . In the right and left worlds, the stories are largely set. . . . We become missionaries for a position . . . practitioners of the missionary position. Variety is lost. Diversity is lost. Creativity is lost in our inability to make love with the world.
I can only drive slowly.""That's all right.""And I can only do left turns."Rose ran downstairs, grabbed a road atlas, and ran triumphantly back up again. "Wales is left! Look! It's left all the way!
Is that all we have left? Is that all we are? Lights on a map that are slowly dying, hanging on for nothing?
It is obvious that [leftists] are not cool-headed logicians systematically analyzing the foundations of knowledge. They are deeply involved emotionally in their attack on truth and reality.
The leftist is anti-individualistic... He is not the sort of person who has an inner sense of confidence in his own ability to solve his own problems and satisfy his own needs.
Art forms that appeal to [leftists] tend to focus on ... defeat and despair ... as if there were no hope of accomplishing anything through rational calculation.
I didn`t change. The Democratic Party slid to the Left from right under me.
Bridget cried for the leavers and the left. For the people, like herself, grimly forsaking what few precious gifts they would ever get. She cried for Bailey, for Tibby, for the resolute clump of cells making headway in her uterus, and for Marly, her poor, sad mother, who'd missed everything.
What the privileged do with what is left, how to make alive what will one day be yours?
I lied. I said goodbye and never left.
You are not what you left behind.
I’m just thankful for the people that never left me and equally thankful for those who did.
میں نے تمہاری خاطر بہت کچھ چھوڑ دیا ۔ احساسات ، جذبات ، خیالات اب ایک جھوٹا وقار باقی رہ گیا ہے ۔وہ تو مجھ سے نہ چھینو ۔ )ایک ہاتھ کی تالی (
You are not white,but a rainbow of colors.You are not black,but golden.You are not just a nationality,but a citizen of the world.You are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
people gobut howthey leftalways stays
YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
The knowledge that he had left me with no intent ever to return had come over me in tiny droplets of realization spread over the years. And each droplet of comprehension brought its own small measure of hurt...He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return.
Comrade, your statement is factually incorrect.” “Yes, it is. But it is politically correct.” (The Rise of Political Correctness)
6 months, 2 weeks, 4 days,and I still don’t know which month it was thenor what day it is now.Blurred out linesfrom hangovers to coffeeanother vagabond lost to love.
People come and go all the time, it’s ripping me to pieces and I was in a state of simply not caring about anything or anyone other than the very thought of not giving a damn anymore. People always leave, I thought, and I did not want to be excited.
Tacit collaboration by millions whobite their lip is even more essential than lip service by thousands of favor seekers. Hence, to stimulate at least passive cooperation, the party strives to give the impression that “everybody” is already on its side. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
It has been said that terror is the principle of despotic government. Does your government therefore resemble despotism? Yes, as the sword that gleams in the hands of the heroes of liberty resembles that with which the henchmen of tyranny are armed ... The government of the revolution is liberty's despotism against tyranny. Is force made only to protect crime
It turns out that indecision is a path itself; but figuratively, a vertical path - up or down - meaning it isn't always a fruitless path. One is forgotten, but the other is glorified. To be what they call 'middle-of-the-road' in most cases just means you have a hard time figuring out who between options is dumber. So quite often those who refused to decide were, after all, the bold individuals, the influential ones, the creative ones, those who snatched their own authority.
I think I hate the concept of needing space. What is really means is that the person's mad at you, or hates you, or doesn't give a shit about you. They just don't want to admit it.
I ran outta tears of sadness when I was 20 &amp; all I got left is tears of joy.
As 1968 began to ebb into 1969, however, and as "anticlimax" began to become a real word in my lexicon, another term began to obtrude itself. People began to intone the words "The Personal is The Political." At the instant I first heard this deadly expression, I knew as one does from the utterance of any sinister bullshit that it was - cliché is arguably forgiven here - very bad news. From now on it would be enough to be a member of a sex or gender, or epidermal subdivision, or even erotic "preference," to qualify as a revolutionary. In order to begin a speech or ask a question from the floor, all that would be necessary by way of preface would be the words: "Speaking as a..." The could follow any self-loving description. I will have to say this much for the old "hard" Left: we earned our claim to speak and intervene by right of experience and sacrifice and work. It would never have done for any of us to stand up and say that our sex or sexuality pr pigmentation or disability were qualifications in themselves. There are many ways of dating the moment when The Left lost - or I would prefer to say, discarded its moral advantage, but this was the first time that I was to see the sellout conducted so cheaply.
Times have changed in research and if you are not using Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Wikipedia, Google, and the like, you will be left in the dark.
Kitsch has its source in the categorical agreement with being.But what is the basis of being? God? Mankind? Struggle? Love? Man? Woman?Since opinions vary, there are various kitsches: Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, Communist, Fascist, democratic, feminist, European, American, national, international.Since the days of the French Revolution, one half of Europe has been referred to as the left, the other half as the right. Yet to define one or the other by means of the theoretical principles it professes is all but impossible. And no wonder: political movements rest not so much on rational attitudes as on the fantasies, images, words, and archetypes that come together to make up this or that political kitsch.
One two, one two, Type a word or two. Arrow left, arrow right, Keep those fingers nice and tight.Keys up, Keys down,Move those digits all around.One two, one two, Type a word or two.
When the people whom we love the most leave us, we start learning to live with the shadows they have left inside us.
It's not that I let you go.Before you left, you were gone.
Do I wither up and disappear, or do I make the best of my time left?.. He would not wither. He would not be ashamed of dying.
Who will be left at the end of the day?The answer is, no one!
Its (the Left’s) intensity derives from the fact that it’s a family largely composed of, in a manner of speaking, orphans of bhadralok history (for we hardly hear of the mothers and fathers of party members), brought together not by accident but by idealism and its cousin, ideology. Bonds of orphanhood and kinship are particularly charged (as Kipling showed us in The Jungle Book) when they are self-created, and each party member is probably a bit of everything – mother, father, sibling, friend – to every other member.
In Britain today friends of mine live like dissidents in a dictatorship. They meet in secret. They vet new arrivals to ensure they are not spies. They are ex-Muslims living in a supposedly free country who fear their enemies will damn them as apostates and kill them. How extraordinary that they must hide their true beliefs from all but intimate friends for fear of the consequences. And how shameful that they have no anti-fascist Left worthy of the name to defend them.
I swear you can't win an arguement with a doltish bigot. They'll still believe they're right even when you've all the evidence in hand.
I scrub my skinto rid me from youand I still don’t know why I cried.It was just something in the way you took my heart and rearranged my insides and I couldn’t recognise the emptiness you left me with when you were done. Maybe you thought my insides would fit better this way, look better this way, to you and us and all the rest.But then you must have changed your mindor made a wrongbecause why did youleave?
That in my left pocket I have "heaven"... doesn't mean that in my right pocket I don't have "hell".
You left me the kind of broken that fears fixing.
Right is always right. Except when left is right, naturally.
The point of Political Correctness is not and has never been merely about any of the items that it imposes, but about the imposition itself. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
you, and all the days that are left.
History has been stolen from us and replaced with guilt inducing lies.
We bleed our sorrows dry on the chance that laughter will save what is left of our dignity
I wish not to tell you how I feelI choose silence so that you leaveKiss me goodbye and set me free
And then one day she left me. She left me as the pigeon leaves the window to fly in the wide blue sky.
And here I was, left with only myself to deal with. It was entirely up to me.
The legacy left by man shall be barren earth; empty buildings; a toxic landscape; acidic seas and oceans; unbreathable air; no recognizable life and full bank vaults of gold &amp; money.
But India has a population problem and its left parties also ignore birth control. So after the CPI there was the CPI(M), the Communist Party of India (Marxist), and the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) a.k.a. CPI(M-L). Enough parties? Babe, the party’s only just getting started.
Orthodoxy whether of the right or of the left is the graveyard of creativity.
The more energy taken, the less energy that is left for us to implement our goals and the smaller the probability of realization of our innate potential
Let others lead small lives, but not you.. Let others argue over small things, but not you.. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you.. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
Writing is flying in dreams. When you remember. When you can. When it works. It's that easy.
I'm Razo, a member of Bayern's Own," he said, stopping himself from adding "Loafing is just a hobby of mine.""Bayern's Own? But you're a child." Razo looked up to the sky. "I'm not a child, I'm just short.
It was true that Blue was just shy of five feet and it was also true that she hadn't eaten her greens, but she'd done the research and she didn't think the two were related.
Summer's lease hath all too short a date.
It was the short men that caused all the trouble in the world.
Francis Crozier believes in nothing. Life is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. It has no plan, no point, no hidden mysteries that make up for the oh-so-obvious miseries and banalities. Nothing he has learned in the past six months has persuaded him otherwise.Has it?
Suddenly I register that St. Clair is shorter than Josh. Much shorter. It’s odd I didn’t notice earlier, but he doesn’t carry himself like a short guy. Most are shy or defensive, or some messed-up combination of the two, but St. Clair is confident and friendly and—
YOU YOU YOUyour eyes, thick as a high school scrapbook crackling and yellow, curling at the edgesa book of myths in which i do not appear.
The sooner, the better!
Life is NOT short! It's just by the time we catch up to appreciating it...we've already left life at least halfway behind us.
To get out of depression, you need to find your exotic connection.
Walk barefoot on your convictions and beliefs…Ask unasked questions about the edge of your existence.
Short questions with long answers, my boy.
Physical size can not measure the ferocity and compassion of the heart, spirit and soul. Truly in the measure of a person, short or tall doesn’t matter at all.
Life is too short to live with a broken heart.
For a writer, life is always too short to write. I will just try my best during what remains of my life.
No matter how short or long your journey to your accomplishment is, if you don't begin you can't get there. Beginning is difficult, but unavoidable!
Twelve dead?” I said. “Jesus.
Turn your life moments into a unique art of existence.
The word far is too short for me to spell.
I wonder the world desperate to find the edge of myself…Existence is an art.
I will keep falling deep down into my abyss, until my chaos turns it into an art scene.
Life is short, so live it full! Know that the work that the Lord has begun in you, He will finish it. So, honor Him today with your gift to Him, "steadfastness/endurance to live His work, and not yours. It may get tough along this journey where the enemy speaks "quit", but remember, God is not through with what He began in you. In God, your life shall be made full and complete( whole)!
Walk barefoot on your dogma… Art is a journey into your existential fairytale.
View your life as a form of art, and dare to turn it into an existential masterpiece.
Neither the cat nor I missed you while you were gone. It's worse than that. We danced the visitor-gone dance, flinging our feet (and paws) with particular glee. You remember the dance - the one you do after shutting the door behind a difficult visitor (like a family member)? You hold your breath for 120 seconds then deadbolt the door, race to the bed, leap on to it and jump, twirl, bell-kick and prance, singing all the while, "she's go-onnne, she's gooo-oonne.
Planet Earth is a fantastic destination if you manage to find this surreal sensation of wild liberation.
I prefer to be wrong to save the wildness of the right.
This life is short.Not life.
Some symbols let you express yourself infinitely in their force.
I keep falling deep down into my dark abyss… At some point my abyss will turn into a horizon…
La verdadera vida de Carmela acababa de comenzar y ella no tenía dudas de lo que eso comportaba. Permanecería muda y expectante entre los poderosos y los extraños. Nadaría como un pececillo y aprendería a respirar bajo el agua.
Many people that have been through the unemployment system realize that the corporate government unemployment statistics only report the short term unemployed and the long term unemployed and disabled are ignored.
Untamed thinking turns your reality into a wild expedition.
Sometimes travelling to your very edge is travelling down to your very core.
I like a hint but not a full story.I need an exotic star but not the whole universe.
Daring never goes out of style.
To push the boundaries of your reality, you have to push the boundaries of your mind.
By expanding your views, you expand your reality.
Learn to walk barefoot on your dogma…
Make existential liberation your spiritual orientation.
Some ideas are an expedition.
Breaking your inner boundaries is an existential art.
Untamed thinking turns your life into a new art form. Dare to be an artist.
Freedom is a living concept, free in itself…
Some concepts take courage.
Liberation is an existential art. Liberation is a spiritual art.
Stretch your mind to expand your soul.
Life is an art of mystical combination.
Great philosophy is always a trailblazer.
On the road to liberation, learn to press Next. Even if there is no such an option.
Great artists play the game to its existential edge.
Welcome to planet Earth, find an exotic version of yourself.
Some symbols reach to your primordial archives.
I keep falling deep down into my dark Abyss until my Abyss turns into a horizon…
Expand your mind to expand your soul. Through ideas you travel your infinity.
Great philosophy turns your life into a new art form.
Freedom is an inborn destination.Freedom is within our DNA.
It takes brave thinking to sail to your own periphery, to see your boundaries, and break them through.
Freedom has an expanding definition.
Liberation comes in ideas. And ideas transform.
There is something between the call of the wild and the need to know what’s all this behind.
If you want to be interesting for your own God, you must have something that your God does not know about.
Wild beach is my primordial address.
Let your self-liberation break the law of gravitation…
Life is an abstract art, and it’s up to you to make sense of it.
Great creators meet at the edge of our “reality”.
For a great artist, life is about searching for something that gives you an insatiable craving to go further and beyond.
Desire is an art.
Wine knows that having passion for life is an art itself.
Could you exist just for the art of existence?
Beauty is a unique predator: we crave to become its prey.
Do not let your dogma to become your spiritual eclipse.
Believe in those who seek liberation, but not in those who promise liberty.
Some jump down off the bridges, some sail towards the horizon… Meaning is always under construction.
Don’t be an artist. Dare to be an Artist.
Great artists have wild and untamed reality.
To expand the definition of freedom you have to keep on setting something free…
Think free to smell your wild beach within.
Life is a beach. Don’t make spelling errors.
Your beliefs are your power. Your beliefs are your ghost.
To have a story of liberation can only those who are aware of their captivity.
Best wines with character have abyss within.
Tomorrow is an exotic demo version.
Daring plays the game to its edge.
Existence is a medium of art.
Humans want to know the meaning of life, but more than that they want this life to have a deeper meaning.
Do not let any religion to become a form of spiritual trespassing.
Once you expand the meaning of freedom, you expand the universe within…
Once you let your mind exist without limitations, your reality emerges beyond your expectations.
It's not whether your love is temporary or has infinity. It's about the feeling of infinity when you're in love.
You are evolution. You are revolution.
Many ideologies that promise liberty are only involved in advanced forms of captivity.
I will dive into my chaos, and my Abyss will turn it into an art scene.
Religions are dogmatic streets. Soar higher to see the whole city.
Truth is a sport, and winner takes it all.
Infinity is my spiritual horizon.
Planes will never have the final, perfect model because their idea is all about the infinity.
Philosophy loves it wild.
Sometimes the best way to find your road is to get lost. Sometimes the only way to find a way is to get lost.
Welcome to Planet Earth, find your existential avant-garde.
I need an exotic star but not the universe.
Infinity is a way of thinking.
If there is an original sin, then music must be my primordial salvation.
No throne in the world can substitute a beach chair.
Forever is a hypnotic version of infinity.
Sometimes the best solution to make a revolution is your personal evolution. And sometimes your personal evolution is not possible without a revolution.
Courage loves the idea of infinity.
I reached my very edge. I was about to break down. I was about to break through.
Art is a mythical beast. It takes out all your primal instincts to awaken your dormant myth.
I am an artist, and I am a piece of art.
Freedom is an existential art.
Some ideas are existential luxury.
In a physical body lives a surreal soul where an exotic spirit listens to its own primordial howl.
Some ideas take you on an existential elevator.
Exaggerate the essential. Sometimes the art of existence depends on how you exaggerate the essential.
Courage is a spiritual style.
By reaching for infinity, you reach the core of yourself.
I exist for the art of existence.
Enjoy the wine, don’t spill the night…
But is it such a bad thing to live like this for just a little while? Just for a few months of one's life, is it so awful to travel through time with no greater ambition than to find the next lovely meal? Or to learn how to speak a language for no higher purpose than that it pleases your ear to hear it? Or to nap in a garden, in a patch of sunlight, in the middle of the day, right next to your favourite fountain? And then to do it again the next day?
I love the night passionately. I love it as I love my country, or my mistress, with an instinctive, deep, and unshakeable love. I love it with all my senses: I love to see it, I love to breathe it in, I love to open my ears to its silence, I love my whole body to be caressed by its blackness. Skylarks sing in the sunshine, the blue sky, the warm air, in the fresh morning light. The owl flies by night, a dark shadow passing through the darkness; he hoots his sinister, quivering hoot, as though he delights in the intoxicating black immensity of space. 
The sight of a child…will arouse certain longings in adult, civilized persons — longings which relate to the unfulfilled desires and needs of those parts of the personality which have been blotted out of the total picture in favor of the adapted persona.
Girl! I'm here to make you look Fa-Bu-Lous!
So that in the nature of man,we find three principal causes of quarrel:First, Competition;Secondly, Dissidence;Thirdly, Glory.The first, maketh men invade for Gain;the second, for Safety;and the third, for Reputation.The first use Violence, to make themselves Masters of other men's persons, wives, children and cattle;the second, to defend them;the third, for trifles, as a word, a smile, a different opinion, and any other sign of undervalue, either direct in their Persons, or by reflexion in their Kindred, their Friends, their Nation, their Profession, or their Name.
Don't bruise the Foo!
Alecto, do you think we have fallen from heaven, or do you think we are falling towards it?
From victory we learn little, from defeat - everything.
the two girls emanated an incorrigible idle inertia.
It's time to get healed. It's time to confess. Falling for the bait doesn't make you the worst person in the world. You were snared. You were hooked. But you don't have to stay that way. Now is the time to deal with the shackles that keep you enslaved. Today you can leave the prison that sexual immorality has created from your past mistakes. Hear your Father's voice call out to you above the noisy clamor of our culture. He says, "I love you. You're free to go now. Sexual sin has no hold on you.
sixty years old and lives for the 3 f's--friends, family, and France.
Rainbows: The gift from heaven to us all.
Instead of drifting away from God, you'll be firmly anchored, able to swim against the tide, offering living water to all you meet.
Dying from an aggressive fatal brain tumor is like dying from Alzheimer's disease accelerated one hundred times.
Where would tourism be without a little luxury and a taste of night life? There were several cities on Deanna, all moderate in size, but the largest was the capital, Atro City. For the connoisseur of fast-foods, Albrechts’ famous hotdogs and coldcats were sold fresh from his stall (Albrecht’s Takeaways) on Lupini Square. For the sake of his own mental health he had temporarily removed Hot Stuff Blend from the menu. The city was home to Atro City University, which taught everything from algebra and make-up application to advanced stamp collecting; and it was also home to the planet-famous bounty hunter – Beck the Badfeller. Beck was a legend in his own lifetime. If Deanna had any folklore, then Beck the Badfeller was one of its main features. He was the local version of Robin Hood, the Davy Crockett of Deanna. The Local rumor mill had it he was so good he could find the missing day in a leap year. Once, so the story goes, he even found a missing sock.
To become an effective radiation researcher, you must develop the ability to discern fact from fiction.
After all what's the lesson from all that?...Sometimes the title hasn't anything to do with the story...
Life becomes involuntary repetitive when you suffer from short term memory loss.
I'm asking God to give you a Popeye moment. A moment when God blesses you with a divine burden: something that bothers you so deeply, you're moved from complacency to action.
Death is the final sleep that you never awaken from.
Nobody seems to know which came first; egg or chicken – except of course for agents of the Time Saving Agency – who can find out anything about, well – anything. The only trouble is, they aren’t talking – however, you can take it from me – they know. The answer to these and other puzzles are kept safe and secure behind fire-walls and thick security doors secured with, er – time-locks, where one could possibly find answers to many other troubling questions, and not all of them necessarily relating to chickens.
These mods made significant improvements to the cars – enough so that I changed my mind (another procedure altogether) every time I thought of selling the damn thing and buying a Toyota. I hope you benefit from this and preserve your ailing finances!Good luck!
Run... That's what's going to save you from the deadly virus"PORNOGRAPHY
Pain by itself made from words which have gone to action, by itself is unsolveable problem.
You said that you are ill... but from from what?
It started somewhere from there.
For she acted exactly as she pleased, laughed at his strictures against her behaviour, her friends, his lectures on 'respectability'. She was the first woman in his existence who had a life of her own, who did things simply because they pleased her, who argued, who asserted herself. There was only one role he was equipped to play which was to resist, to the bitter end, this encroachment as he saw it on his authority, his manhood. And bitter it became.
Ideas come from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow.
Do things which make you feel reborn, don't try to fit in somebody's expectations. You always make somebody to get dissapointed from you.
But how could he have, when women themselves had suddenly gone insane, were rejecting the direction, the protection, that their menfolk offered them, were recklessly plunging off on their own into unknown and unspeakable depths?
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
It is when you lose sight of yourself, that you lose your way. To keep your truth in sight you must keep yourself in sight and the world to you should be a mirror to reflect to you your image; the world should be a mirror that you reflect upon.
The world doesn't make sense until you force it to.
I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.
We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.
But if you forgive someone for something they did to you, it doesn’t mean you agree with what they did or believe it was right. Forgiving that person means you have chosen not to dwell on the matter anymore; you have moved on with your life.
Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.
Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on.I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise.I have full confidence in myself and my abilities.I can do all things that I commit myself to.No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me.I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily.I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past.I am moving forward daily.Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.
I am a strong and powerful woman.I am proud to be a woman and I celebrate the qualities that I have as a woman.I am not defined by other people’s opinion of who I should be or what I should do as a woman. I determine that, not anyone else.I am not passed up for a position, title, or promotion because I am a woman.I fully deserve all the good things that comes my way.Irrespective of what anyone might think, being a woman places no boundaries or limits on my abilities.I can do anything I set my mind to.I celebrate my womanhood and I am beautiful both inside and out.
When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.
You cannot forgive just once, forgiveness is a daily practice.
Let’s not wait until the light fades into irreparable loss, but let’s stay in the loop and pursue the momentous flow of daily little wonders, since life kindly tenders us gorgeous bouquets of sparkling colors, telling signs and rousing episodes. (“Côté cour…Côté jardin”)
In all of your living, don't forget to live.
Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a daily basis.
Jangan meminta yang lebih kepada orang disekitarmu, karena belum tentu kamu bisa membalas apa yg dia berikan.Namun memintalah yang lebih soal cinta dan kasih sayang, karena dengan begitu kamu akan turut berusaha menjaga dan memberikan cinta dan kasih sayang tersebut kepada orang yang benar benar cinta dan sayang terhadapmu
Practicing the art of sensual living daily is the process of rewiring your brain to always be connected to joy and not anxiety.
Nothing in life will ever attract good people and good fortune to us than our GOOD ATTITUDE.
Each of us has an undeniable responsibility to our self and the rest of the world to be our personal best on any given day.
We live and the things around us live, through daily care. -Ilsa Crawford
Mitch, I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each morning, a few tears, and that's all." I thought about all the people I knew who spent many of their waking hours feeling sorry for themselves. How useful it would be to put a daily limit on self-pity. Just a few minutes, then on with the day. And if Morrie could do it, with such a horrible disease . . .
We all need to make daily decision, a daily choice to walk according to the Spirit, to live according to the Spirit and to set our minds on the things of the Spirit. If we chose to live according to the flesh we cannot please God.
When we consciously tie our most significant dreams to our daily actions, we pull ourselves out of the muck and step firmly onto the path that leads to success.
Hygge is part of the language of human action and interaction all over the world. To hygge is a universal impetus revealed in the small rituals, gestures and daily experiences that unite and define us all.
Observations of life render the best quotes.
I begin each day with a clear intentionMay my intention create the best resultsMay others benefit from my intentions
Life is a constant daily manipulation.
Daily abnormal environmental radiation exposures are the hallmark of the modern human.
You should put daily practices into place to aid in this maintenance, such as meditation or stillness. In meditation, you are able to go within and have the realization of what actually needs to be adjusted or shifted, such as a thought or belief. It’s important that your individual daily practice is consistent and that you are honest in this space about your findings.
তোমার সাথে প্রতিদিন কথা না হলে, মন আমার নরকের আগুনের মতন জ্বলে!
Life gives us a flair of awareness in the breeze of our daily journey and offers a free reign to explore what we are, to experience what we are not and to find out what we may become: a free ride until everything melts down into the indistinct and indefinite, while walking up to the ultimate gate of non-existence. ("Living on probation")
Let your daily life reflect your courage, humility &amp; discipline, stick-to-it-iveness, decency of purpose, steadfastness of resolve, strength of the will &amp; things with feathers. Let your upbeat mood, happy demeanour, dynamism &amp; fun quotient brighten the whole atmosphere around you &amp; make every occasion a celebration. Let your good deeds &amp; thoughts be emulated by your world. Let your life cruise smoothly without much mischances, severity &amp; calamities. Let your day be filled with the warmth of sunshine, happiness of smiles, sounds of laughter &amp; the feeling of love. Stay Cheerful &amp; Magnificent!
Men find a new universe of thought and feeling, clearer and more comprehensible than the universe of daily experience.
I am being kept alive by a daily dose of drugs.
The more you get set into your own world, the smaller your world becomes.
Every day you need to do something about your purpose of life
You have to write down what you really want to do in this life and then you have to write down what you have to do every day to achieve the goal
Let us grow strong rootsWatering and nurturing Each other daily.
The best thing you can do for your kids is to show them God working in you on a daily basis.
If we don’t live in the same vibe, it is hard to be aware of each other. When our reading differs from our neighbors’ reality, our surroundings may take a range of discordant shades and daily episodes become unrecognizable. But if we endeavor to find out, the “who is who”, the “what is what” and the “where is Waldo”, we might demonstrate our social literacy and connectedness. ("Fish for silence.")
Divide the big task into small pieces which can be done every day
Redouble your efforts on a daily basis
Staying indoors daily will eventually make you sick.
The Plan Of Redemption Is Being Implemented On Daily Bases
The city was still .... Soon the machinery would start working again, not out of any sense of purpose, but like a watch that is wound daily by someone’s hand. Almost without any choice in the matter, people would embark upon the minute frustrations and satisfactions of their daily lives. It was in this moment of postponement that the azaan was heard, neither announcing the day nor keeping it a secret.
Our daily prayer ought to be: Please universe, help me help myself and help me show others how to help themselves.
You need to think about the month, you need to plan the day, you need to take your elephant and divide into pieces and eat a slice a day
Your vision becomes broader when you encounter God daily
At the age of 46, forgetfulness &amp; confusion had become a daily aspect of life.
A plan is not a routine that a man does every day; it is not even a time table
You must know what you need to do every day to carry out your mission
Long days and longer nights, and in between them such meaningless life.
Diligently examine the scriptures daily.
You have to do the planed work the day
Dividing the goal into pieces must be brought down to the smallest measurable element, a day, to know exactly what to do every day
Training is an active, dynamic process lived out daily in all areas of life- not a rote exercise in memorizing verses and going to church every week.
Smart people that like good health spend several hours outdoors daily in the shade of trees.
You have to do something about your dream every day
Make a plan that concern your purpose, your calling and describes exactly what should be done every day for your purpose and life mission
Be grateful for the day and the day will be grateful for you. Stay positive and everything around you will respond in kind.
Think of exercise as medicine and take your daily prescription.
Some details in life may look insignificant but appear to be vital leitmotifs in a person's life. They may have the value of "Rosebuds" of Citizen Kane or "Madeleine cookies" of Marcel Proust or "Strawberry fields" of the Beatles. People regularly walk down the memory lane of their early youth. The paper boats of their childhood are recurrently floating on the waves of their mind and bring back the mood and the spirit of the early days. They enable us to retreat from the trivial, daily worries and can generate delightful bliss and true joy in a sometimes frantic and chaotic life. ("Paper boats forever" )
When people become prisoners of daily habits and happen to be hostages of choices, which they made in the past, but which they finally do not actually want, they experience the need to abandon their corporeal prison at a certain time in life. ( "Corporeal prison" )
Extreme measures bring extreme results. If you want a normal life, do what normal people do. If you want to know God intimately, walk with Him daily, and please Him in every way, you're going to have to do what few do. Absolutely nothing.
Every day is a dance deed.
Renew your mind every morning with pure thoughts.
If people just took it a day at a time, they'd be a lot happier.
Love has the power to create an inviting space in the lives of people. But if daily routine kills dreamy or passionate thoughts, the constraint of the room may become oppressive and the emptiness unbearable. The room loses then its original fullness and turns into a place of nothingness. ( " Another empty room" )
Stolen moments” create a feeling of enjoyment in our “intensive time” awareness. The glow and the intensity of those instants can guide us throughout a whole lifetime. They can expose a second or a third dimension of the daily events and shed an expounding light on all the little details we encounter. ("Stolen moments" )
Some are condemned to remain mere “clock and smart phone watchers”, inasmuch as they are not able to read and interpret the lines of their life or don't even treasure the enchantment of daily captivating moments. If we are not prepared to give some personal time to social time, we walk like blind men through gloomy alleys of our existence. ( " Please. Just a bit of a chat " )
When the brain becomes too tired, the mind stops decrypting the perceptions in our mental world and surrenders willingly to the unguarded moments of life.For some time, the safeguards of our thinking pattern weaken and discontinue the decoding of the chips of daily reality.The mind picks the instants which are above suspicion, pure and innocent. ("Uber alle Gipfeln ist Ruh" )
Titles don’t mean anything. What really matters is the impact you make on a daily basis!
A healthy person that uses medical oxygen to perform their job on a daily basis should expect to eventually become a sick person.
Thank God for His daily blessings.
Nurture your Dream everyday. A strong dream will empower you to take bold decisions and allow you to follow your heart.
Each day, the goal is to receive knowledge and remove ignorance. This reveals what we all search for. Wisdom.
The lasting physical and mental health effects of long term very high altitude exposure appear to be remarkably similar to daily heavy smoking.
The joy of this day is splendid.
Incorporate daily programs on positive thinking as a counterbalance against the negativity you may encounter in pursuit of your dreams.
I seek daily a spiritual awaken of my soul.
Every new morning brings new mercy, new love and new grace.
Master Teachers who genuinely embody an enlightened state of being never stop “doing the work”. The ego is what assumes it knows enough, causing cessation of these daily practices, and therefore, Masters without attachment to ego are forever students of the Universe. The Masters attain an illuminated state of “Being” as the outcome, yet it is the consistent “doing” that promotes and maintains their enlightenment.
Every day holds infinite opportunities. Explore!
May God grant us grace for our daily work.
Illusions can and do create PHYSICAL Dis-Ease within our bodies. So it’s most important to master our thoughts, to become cognizant of what we are spending our precious mental energy on each moment of every day.
In every day life, I try to communicate to sacred strangers in the bus, street, trains, neighbourhood, offices, shops, library, schools, university, colleagues…!
When I was instructed to use medical oxygen to do my job at the W. M. Keck Observatory from 2001 to 2006, I was never told about the legal health information that is now posted on oxygen cylinders. My memories of the green medical oxygen cylinders that we would use daily is that they had no information on them and we were never given a recognised legal oxygen administration training course for routine daily use or a medical prescription from a doctor. We were shown the three oxygen cylinders at the facility and told to use them whenever we developed headaches, which was multiple times daily. It was common to find all three oxygen cylinders in use by other very high altitude workers and to have to line up to get a turn on the magical medical gas.
Police officers are poorly paid for a very stressful job that has them in very high powered radio frequency (RF) fields and in a daily environment that may result in them being assaulted, maimed or killed.
When I worked on the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea we were advised to only use the medical oxygen after the daily headaches appeared and that just 15 minutes use was all that was needed to clear up the headaches for a while before we would need it again. We were not advised to use medical oxygen continuously as the Federal Aviation Regulations advises pilots to do. We were not advised to use pulse oximeters to monitor our blood oxygen levels or that the company medical oxygen should have been routinely administered only with our doctors prescription.
With every new day come the Lord’s great love, grace and mercies.
During my time in high altitude astronomy, I routinely witnessed workers breathing medical oxygen, industrial carbon dioxide, nitrogen and helium gas as part of their daily work routine.
Every fresh morning brings freshness of sacred-being.
When I worked at the W. M. Keck Observatory on the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea, we would routinely be engulfed in cold clouds of helium and nitrogen gas as we discharged it into the video camera systems daily. The management team never warned us that we were in a hazardous oxygen deprived environment during this activity that was known for its ability to adversely affect physical and mental health, and possibly bring on death by asphyxiation.
I've known rivers:I've known rivers ancient as the world and older than the flow of human blood in human veins.My soul has grown deep like the rivers.
Can't you see that I'm only advising you to beg yourself not to be so dumb?
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.
Fas est ab hoste doceri.One should learn even from one's enemies.
A JEWELRY STORE NAMED INDIAIf you hold this Dazzling emeraldUp to the sky,It will shine a billion Beautiful miraclesPainted from the tearsOf the Most High.Plucked from the lush gardensOf a yellowish-green paradise,Look inside this hypnotic gemAnd a kaleidoscope of Titillating, Soul-raising Sights and colorsWill tease and seduceYour eyes and mind.Tell me, sir.Have you ever heardA peacock sing?Hold your earTo this mystical stoneAnd you will hearSacred hymns flowingTo the vibrationsOf the perfumedWind.
If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?
The language of light can only be decoded by the heart.
If diversity is a source of wonder, its opposite - the ubiquitous condensation to some blandly amorphous and singulary generic modern culture that takes for granted an impoverished environment - is a source of dismay. There is, indeed, a fire burning over the earth, taking with it plants and animals, cultures, languages, ancient skills and visionary wisdom. Quelling this flame, and re-inventing the poetry of diversity is perhaps the most importent challenge of our times.
That was the day the ancient songs of blood and war spilled from a hole in the skyAnd there was a long moment as we listened and fell silent in our griefand then one by one, we stood talland came togetherand began to sing of life and love and all that is good and trueAnd I will never forget that day when the ancient songs died because there was no one in the world to sing them.
But a smell shivered him awake.It was a scent as old as the world. It was a hundred aromas of a thousand places. It was the tang of pine needles. It was the musk of sex. It was the muscular rot of mushrooms. It was the spice of oak. Meaty and redolent of soil and bark and herb. It was bats and husks and burrows and moss. It was solid and alive - so alive! And it was close.The vapors invaded Nicholas' nostrils and his hair rose to their roots. His eyes were as heavy as manhole covers, but he opened them. Through the dying calm inside him snaked a tremble of fear.The trees themselves seemed tense, waiting. The moonlight was a hard shell, sharp and ready to ready be struck and to ring like steel.A shadow moved.It poured like oil from between the tall trees and flowed across dark sandy dirt, lengthening into the middle of the ring. Trees seem to bend toward it, spellbound. A long, long shadow...
If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once into the sky, that would be like the splendor of the Mighty One... I am become Death, the Shatterer of Worlds.
Does progress mean that we dissolve our ancient myths? If we forget our legends, I fear that we shall close an important door to the imagination
To the Hesitating Purchaser:"If sailor tales to sailor tunes, Storm and adventure, heat and cold,If schooners, islands, and maroons And Buccaneers and buried GoldAnd all the old romance, retold, Exactly in the ancient way,Can please, as me they pleased of old, The wiser youngsters of to-day:-So be it, and fall on! If not, If studious youth no longer crave,His ancient appetites forgot, Kingston, or Ballantyne the brave,Or Cooper of the wood and wave: So be it, also! And may IAnd all my pirates share the grave, Where these and their creations lie!
Fear is the ghost of ancient.It consumes faithless human.
καὶ οὗτος ἄρα καὶ ἄλλος πᾶς ὁ ἐπιθυμῶν τοῦ μὴ ἐτοίμου ἐπιθυμεῖ
In international commerce, India is an ancient country-(19th October, 1899)
...it seemed a part of her life, to step from the ancient to the modern, back and forth. She felt rather sorry for those who knew only one and not the other. It was better, she thought, to be able to select from the whole menu of human achievements than to be bound within one narrow range.
People usually feel funny, smile and laugh when I tell them about my strong belief in the very existence of prehistoric advanced technology and great civilizations of wilier races. I just can't wait to see their faces at time the truth is revealed.
As I studied the e-mail from Glenn Milne, I knew just how ancient the U-shaped structure [found a few kilometers away from the Indian coast] really might be - at least 11,000 years old. That's 6000 years older than the first monumental architecture of ancient Egypt or of ancient Sumer in Mesopotamia - traditionally thought of as the oldest civilizations of antiquity. Certainly, no civilization known to history existed in southern India - or anywhere else - 11,000 years ago. Yet the U-shaped structure off the Tranquebar-Poompuhur coast invites us to consider the possibility that it was the work of a civilization that archaeologists have as yet failed to identify - one whose primary ruins could have been missed because they are submerged so deep beneath the sea.
The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.
For the ancient Greeks, the ultimate test of the educational system was the moral and political quality of the students that it produced
If an ancient man saw planes two thousand years ago He would've thought they were birds Or angels from another world Or messengers from other planets.
How many stories are there that have been lived, but will never be told? Far too many for me to squander the one that I’m living.
The ancient sages used divine characters to create mythologies and scriptures to make them more believable. All scriptures are said to be the words of God so that people are convinced about their veracity and believe them.
Wilier races had interbred with human race during immemorial.Therefore no need to look for them on anywhere but in ourselves.
General..behold the future of weaponry.""What the hell I am seeing here, Colonel?""It's..technologart of ancient weaponry, Sir!""It's..what?
He held the ribbon that tied her bodice. "You like to read about vampires but your mother thinks its unhealthy. Do you really want so desperately to become aligned with the night?"She frantically shook her head."I can show you a more ancient evil," he promised in a soothing voice. He tugged on the ribbon, untying the bow. "One that has existed since the beginning of time.""Right." She tried to force the word out with a sarcastic tone, but failed."Not many people know about the Atrox and its Followers, but you will," he assured her."You're not being funny anymore," she answered with more whimper than anger.He let his finger trace up her body to her chin and lifted her face until she was forced to look in his eyes. "I was never trying to be. I was only trying to explain what I am." She looked quickly behind her as if searching for a way to escape. He paused for a moment, hoping she would run. When she didn't, he continued, "I can dissolve into shadow. Stay that way for days if I want. It's one of my powers.""Stop teasing me," she whined. "You're scaring me now."He leaned closer. "I can also enter your mind and take you into mine. Do you want me to show you?""No," she pleaded. It wasn't the strange light in the graveyard that gave her face such an unnatural pallor now. The true beauty of fear shimmered in her eyes."Let me show you." He seeped into her mind and brought her back into his. He could feel her struggle and then stop. He let her feel what he was, the emptiness and evil.
Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent.
Language and hearing are seated in the cerebral cortex, the folded gray matter that covers the first couple of millimeters of the outer brain like wrapping paper. When one experiences silence, absent even reading, the cerebral cortex typically rests. Meanwhile, deeper and more ancient brain structures seem to be activated--the subcortical zones. People who live busy, noisy lives are rarely granted access to these areas. Silence, it appears, is not the opposite of sound. It is another world altogether, literally offering a deeper level of thought, a journey to the bedrock of the self.
Epic art is founded on action, and the model of a society in which action could play out in greatest freedom was that of the heroic Greek period; so said Hegel, and he demonstrated it with The Iliad: even though Agamemnon was the prime king, other kings and princes chose freely to join him and, like Achilles, they were free to withdraw from the battle. Similarly the people joined with their princes of their own free will; there was no law that could force them; behavior was determined only by personal motives, the sense of honor, respect, humility before a more powerful figure, fascination with a hero's courage, and so on. The freedom to participate in the struggle and the freedom to desert it guaranteed every man his independence. In this way did action retain a personal quality and thus its poetic form.Against this archaic world, the cradle of the epic, Hegel contrasts the society of his own period: organized into the state, equipped with a constitution, laws, a justice system, an omnipotent administration, ministries, a police force, and so on. The society imposes its moral principles on the individual, whose behavior is thus determined by far more anonymous wishes coming from the outside than by his own personality. And it is in such a world that the novel was born.
Aloha sacred mountain, aloha ancient Hawaiians.
Hello Mauna Kea, aloha Hawaiian spirits.
Our brains dream lost ancient dreams as well as throw ropes in the air as though to catch what is uncatchable – the future.
The world exists because your mind exists. If your mind didn’t exist, there would be no world. As you look at these words, you see them in what appears to be a reality outside of you. What you are really seeing is the image that your mind is creating from the electrical signals being sent to your brain. While they may appear to be outside of you, this is an illusion, they exist within your own mind, and are being projected to appear as if they are outside of you. This apparent reality that is projected by our minds, is maya, and to believe that maya is the ultimate reality is a result of ignorance, or avidya in Sanskrit.
One could only wish there were more who understood the love of family, of history, and of ancient, sacred bonds that grow deep within us all. If family is not worthy of our time and attention, who or what is?
Have you ever had a dream that you were certain was real, only to wake up and realize that everyone and everything in the dream was really you? Well this is how many mystics describe the nature of our reality, as a dream in which we think we are individual personalities existing in the physical universe. But eventually, like in all dreams, we will wake up. Except in this dream we do not wake up to realize we are still in the world, we awake from the world to realize that we are God.
The shattered wall,the broken towerhave a story to tell -from the touchstones of ruinsand ancient textswe make a pilgrimage.from The Ruins
All of Nature follows perfectly geometric laws. The Ancient Egyptian, Greek, Peruvian, Mayan, and Chinese cultures were well aware of this, as Phi—known as the Golden Ratio or Golden Mean—was used in the constructions of their sculptures and architecture.
Ancient aphorisms outlived centuries. Modern aphorisms can barеly survive from book to book.
Quetzalcoatl, the Feathered Serpent, [...] came to teach [the ancient inhabitants of Mexico] the benefits of settled agriculture and the skills necessary to build temples. Although this deity is frequently depicted as a serpent, he is more often shown in human form--the serpent being his symbol and his alter ego--and is usually described as "a tall bearded white man" ... "a mysterious person ... a white man with a strong formation of body, broad forehead, large eyes and a flowing beard." Indeed, [...] the attributes and life history of Quetzalcoatl are so human that it is not improbable that he may have been an actual historical character ... the memory of whose benefactions lingered after his death, and whose personality was eventually deified. The same could very well be said of Oannes--and just like Oannes at the head of the Apkallu (likewise depicted as prominently bearded) it seems that Quetzalcoatl traveled with his own brotherhood of sages and magicians. We learn that they arrived in Mexico "from across the sea in a boat that moved by itself without paddles," and that Quetzalcoatl was regarded as having been "the founder of cities, the framer of laws and the teacher of the calendar.
In Advaita Vedanta, and in many other ancient wisdom traditions, the world is said to be an illusion. This illusion is commonly referred to as maya, a Sanskrit name which refers to the apparent, or objective reality which is superimposed on the ultimate reality in order to generate the phenomena of what we call the material world. Maya is the magic by which we create duality—by which we create two worlds from one. This creation is an illusory creation—it is not real—it is an imaginary manifestation of the one Universal Consciousness, appearing as all of the various phenomena in objective reality. Maya is God’s, or Consciousness’s, creative power of emptying or reflecting itself into all things and thus creating all things—the power of subjectivity to take on objective appearance.
What is this power of words? In our everyday routine, we use words to carry out all our transactions. If someone praises us then we get happy and if someone criticizes us then we get annoyed. If we take a closer look at this phenomenon then we will easily understand that when somebody is praising us or calling us names, that time no material comes and hits us. All that happens is, we just get to hear the sound of the words uttered by the other person. When that sound reaches our ears, our mind starts analyzing and interpreting that sound. If the interpretation given by the mind is positive then we get happy. If the interpretation given by the mind is negative then we get annoyed. It is true that the meaning of those words is already present in our mind. Words only invoke the meaning already present in our mind. This relationship between words and their meanings is known as ‘Shakti’ (power) in philosophy.
Forget not the Sacred Sands...The grains that pass through Time’s ancient hands!
The distance of time’s separation brings us remnants of memories so ancient that most are lost in the mists of illusion…
The Artist started painting the Ancient Fire, inhaling the wine in search of philosophical beginnings…
God is the ultimate ground of Being, and this ultimate ground of Being is YOU. For one who realizes their true nature as God, as Consciousness, life becomes a joy without end.
It SMELLS ancient," - Dan Cahill
Pay to go inside Neruda's homeA body lies there with no dome.But right there in the front hallLean a fairy against the icy wall.Oh Endless enigmas had the bard!Nice and large and calm backyardEnds In the middle of a rare roomRare portrait of revelishing gloom.Up climbing at the weird snail stairDoes make you grasp for some air.And there's a room with bric-a-brac:Old and precious books all in a pack.Dare saying what I liked most of all?Enjoyed seeing visitors having a ball!
The ancient world was fairly modern for its time.
Those who gave thee a body furnished it with weakness, but he who gave you a soul armed you with resolution. Use it, and be wise.
....though he hated to admit it, they were all Anglophiles. They were a family of Anglophiles. Pointed in the wrong direction, trapped outside their own history and unable to retrace their steps because their footprints had been swept away. He explained to them that history was like an old house at night. With all the lamps lit. And ancestors whispering inside."To understand history," Chacko said, "we have to go inside and listen to what they're saying. And look at the books and the pictures on the wall. And smell the smells."......"But we can't go in," Chacko explained, "because we've been locked out. And when we look in through the windows, all we see are shadows. And when we try and listen, all we hear is a whispering. And we cannot understand the whispering, because our minds have been invaded by war. A war that we have won and lost. The very worst sort of war. A war that captures dreams and re-dreams them. A war that has made us adore our conquerors and despise ourselves.
The Enlightenment, finally, invented progressive 'history' as an inner-worldly purgatory in order to develop the conditions of possibility of a perfected 'society'. This provided the required setting for the aggressive social theology of the Modern Age to drive out the political theology of the imperial eras. What was the Enlightenment in its deep structure if not an attempt to translate the ancient rhyme on learning and suffering - mathein pathein - into a collective and species-wide phenomenon? Was its aim not to persuade the many to expose themselves to transitional ordeals that would precede the great optimization of all things?
Now this greatest tent staled out hot raw breaths of earth, confetti that was ancient when the canals of Venice were not yet staked, and wafts of pink cotton candy like tired feather boas. In rushing downfalls, the tent shed skin; grieved, soughed as flesh fell away until at last the tall museum timbers at the spine of the discarded monster dropped with three canon roars.
A tudományos megismerés fejlődésével világunk egyre embertelenebbé válik. Az ember magányosnak érzi magát a világban, mivel kívül rekedt a természeten, és elveszítette a természet jelenségeivel való érzelmi "tudattalan azonosságát". A természeti jelenségek lassan elveszítették szimbolikus jelenségüket. A mennydörgés többé már nem a haragvó isten hangja, a villámlás sem az ő bosszúálló nyila. A folyóban nincs többé szellem, a fa már nem az ember életforrása, a kígyó nem a bölcsesség megtestesítője, a hegyi barlangban már nem laknak a hatalmas démonok. Nem szólnak az emberhez a kövek, növények és állatok, és az ember sem szól hozzájuk abban a hitben, hogy azok majd megértik őt. A természettel való kapcsolatát elveszítette, és ezzel együtt elveszett a szimbolikus kapcsolatból fakadó rejtett érzelmi energia is. Ezért a hatalmas veszteségért álmaink szimbólumai kárpótolnak. Felszínre hozzák eredeti természetünket - ösztöneinket és sajátságos gondolkodásunkat. Azonban álmaink, sajnálatos módon, a természet nyelvén fejezik ki közlendőiket, amely idegen és felfoghatatlan számunkra. Így mindez azzal a feladattal állít szembe benünket, hogy a modern beszéd racionális szavaira és fogalmaira fordítsuk le a természet nyelvét, olyan modern nyelvre, amely mentes a primitív kötöttségektől , nevezetesen az álomban megjelenő dolgokkal való participációtól.
It looks ancient," - Amy Cahill
She is ancientness. She has lived forever. It has driven her insane.
Word has it . . . the stone is from Japan, it's very ancient, it belonged to a shogun in the eleventh century." - a taxidermist
So we found ourselves in an ancient place, the veryair around us bound by chains.
The evidence presented by the ancient maps appears to suggest the existence in remote times, before the rise of any of the known cultures, of a true civilization, of a comparatively advanced sort, which either was localized in one area but had worldwide commerce, or was, in a real sense, a worldwide culture. This culture, at least in some respects, may well have been more advanced than the civilizations of Egypt, Babylonia, Greece, and Rome. In astronomy, nautical science, mapmaking and possibly ship-building, it was perhaps more advanced than any state of culture before the 18th Century of the Christian Era. It was in the 18th Century that we first developed a practical means of finding longitude. It was in the 18th Century that we first accurately measured the circumference of the earth. Not until the 19th Century did we begin to send out ships for purposes of whaling or exploration into the Arctic or Antarctic Seas. The maps indicate that some ancient people may have done all these things.
Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.
My purpose, my whole life, had been to love him and be with him, to make him happy. I didn’t want to cause any unhappiness now—in that way, I decided it was probably better than he wasn’t here to see this, though I missed him so much at that moment the ache of it was as bad as the strange pains in my belly.
Our pets are our family.
poor boy! I never knew you, Yet I think I could not refuse this moment to die for you, if that would save you
True friendship is worth more than can be measured, a quality forever to be treasured.True friends will staunchly stand beside each other,as loyally brother shieldeth brother,remaining firm in spite of war and strife,in poverty or sickness, throughout life.True friendship doth endure while comrades agefrom boy to youth, from warrior to sage.
Many companies expect loyal customers without providing loyal service. This has been the visionary failure of countless corporations.
I’m weak and useless, but I’ll stay by your side
Would you ever sleep with me?” he questioned once.“Never,” she’d replied, her large eyes shining in the bluish glow from his TV set, “but I love you… in a different way. I’ll always be loyal to you, I’ll never betray you, that’s how I love people.
The fast fliers are not disgraced." Queen Ree reached up for the missing tiara. "She saved us, but she's with him now."Vidia was complicated, two fairies in one, a loyal traitor.
Promised yourself never to keep quiet on the truth. Speak it out and let the lie die
You know, mistress, that I love you, and shall love you always
One owes loyalty, only, to those who demonstrate in kind.
The fact that the person who you are sleeping with is also sleeping with another person or other people does not necessarily mean that he or she does not love you. And the fact that you are the only person who someone is sleeping with does not necessarily mean that he or she loves you.
Whatever changes there are in the world I hope you will never forsake me and I shall be happy.
Our first loyalty is to the Lord God.
Help, Lord, for no one is faithful anymore; those who are loyal have vanished from the human race. Everyone lies to their neighbor; they flatter with their lips but harbor deception in their hearts.
You will find me a woman with a sturdy character and not easily persuaded. Once my loyalty is given, I do not sway.
Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act decisively without needing to know why.
The princess reiterated to Sarah that "her faithful Morley . . . will never part with you till she is fast locked in her coffin.
To have a love that is pure and honest is the most beautiful feeling in the world. To be loyal to someone is the heart's innermost desire. Someone who understands you and completes you. Someone who loves you as crazily as you love that someone!
Hiding the truth is as evil as feedingthe lie grow tough muscles.
Only dogs know and respect their masters. This is a rare characteristic of men who secretly envy their masters and wish their downfall.
Until a man is faithful His Maker, can he be faithful to his fellow-beings.
Ever notice after a breakup the loyal one stays single and deals with the damages until healed. The cheater is already in another relationship.
I am terrified of being honest
The loyal and most emeraldThe temptedBy the moon's aging whiteNever fell from graceNever felt this grey
Leaders fight hard wars againstinjustice and unfairness. Theybelieve that the truth is a weapon;when triggered, the lie dies.
Family means true happiness. Stay loyal to your true happiness.
I know that you are not chaste but I thought you were at least loyal.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Sorry, Bex," Jason said "You don't have the recognizable facial characteristics - such as a huge chin, or a large amount of real estate between the eyes - that would merit the bestowing of a criminal mastermind nickname such as Lockjaw or Walleye. Whereas Crazytop here...well, just look at her." "Atleast I can blow-dry my hair straight," I pointed out. "Which is more than what I can say for your nose, Hawkface.
To ask, 'How do you do it?' is already starting off on the wrong foot. When reaching for the stars, there does not have to be a 'how' if there is a big enough 'why'.
If we can’t even properly count what we possess, how will we be able to use it?
How do you walk into someone's life again after twenty-eight years? How do you pick up, when you were too young to know where you left off.
Do you know how fast you are walking? ... To get a close estimate, count the number of steps you take in a minute and divide by 30... :)
Wisdom is not in having resources, it's in knowing how to use them, when to use them &amp; if to use them.
We Pisceans know how to swim without water
How many men with a microphone can tell you what he loves the most?
President Trump is doing a great job of demonstrating how mean the rich can be to the poor, sick and elderly.
Maybe the whys and the hows aren't as important as just the knowing.
The problem with car insurance is that you never know how bad your policy is until you are involved in a car crash. At that point enlightenment begins.
Not knowing how venom kills does not take away the usefulness of knowing that it does.
One common thing about great achievers is that, they keep asking useful questions every day. They ask questions like; “What do I want and what do I need to do to get it?
You become awareHow should I sayI love you.
Never look at how others who live dishonestly become rich, look at God and His holiness
Search in the sys. You already know how to find me!
What you see is highly dependent on how you look.
Everyone got a follower, how good or bad is all this shit, it's another topic… JUst leave it for later.
This thought is genius"Everybody dies.It's the one thing human beings can be relied upon to do.How can it still come as a surprise to people?" - From Sherlock TV Series/Mycroft
There's no secret entrance into Blackcliff, Laia. Even if there was, I wouldn't be stupid enough to try to attack a school of Masks." "Then how--" "How?" he muses. "A good question. How do you get rid of a girl who blunders into your hideout at the most inopportune moment, claiming to be the long-lost daughter of the Lioness? How do you appear in essential faction in the Resistance when they stupidly insist you help her save her brother? How do you make it look like you're helping her when in fact you don't have the time or the men to do so?" My mouth goes dry. "I'll tell you how," Mazen says. "You give the girl a mission she won't come back from. You send her to Blackcliff, home of her parents' killer. You give her impossible tasks, like spying on the most dangerous woman in the Empire, like learning about the Trials before they even occur.
I take writting as something in which you should in limited or not in limited time to create characters which the readers will like... feel compassion.
It's not what you experience, it's how you experience it.
Nobody wake ups... with thought to masturbate... but probably somewhere in the middle of the day he/she is going to do that....
That's how it happen!
How do I forget all this hurt and pain in the past?How do I forget the last year that has passed?How do I know that everything will be alright?Is there a light at the end of this tunnel, so bright?Will everything work out in the end?Will I ever be able to love again?Will this feeling and regret and guilt wilt?How long will it take for my heart to heal?
Everybody knows how others should do their jobs - but they don't know how to do theirs.
How***You become awareHow should I say,I love you.
If you don't explain WHAT you want...if you're not clear...the WHEN will always be later when the WHEN could be now.
How is ignoring me working out for you?
25. Whenever two human beings spend time together, sooner or later they will probably irritate one another. This is true of best friends, married couples, parents and children, or teachers and students. The question is: How do they respond when friction occurs? There are four basic ways they can react:•	They can internalize the anger and send it downward into a memory bank that never forgets. This creates great pressure within and can even result in disease and other problems.•	They can pout and be rude without discussing the issues. This further irritates the other person and leaves him or her to draw his or her own conclusions about what the problem may be.•	They can blow up and try to hurt the other person. This causes the death of friendships, marriages, homes, and businesses.•	Or they can talk to one another about their feelings, being very careful not to attack the dignity and worth of the other person. This approach often leads to permanent and healthy relationships.
No matter how much we think about something, in the end, the decision is made on how we feel.
There is no indication that God explained to Joseph what He was doing through those many years of heartache or how the pieces would eventually fit together. He had no ways of knowing that he would eventually enjoy a triumphal reunion with his family. He was expected, as you and I are, to live out his life one day at a time in something less than complete understanding. What pleased God was Joseph’s faithfulness when nothing made sense.
When we are looking for the unexpected, we are not only looking for the unexpected in ourselves, but we are also curious about the unexpected in the behavior of the others. So as to know the others, we have got to learn how and where they differ from us. By understanding this, we are able to establish an uplifting link with otherness. ( "Looking for the unexpected" )
You cannot control what other people do, only how you react to it.
Thus, we knew at the onset of the sexual revolution back in 1968 that this day of disease and promiscuity would come. It is here, and what we do with our situation will determine how much we and our children will suffer in the future. God created the moral basis for the universe before He made the heavens and the earth. His concept of right and wrong was not an afterthought that came along with the Ten Commandments. No, it was an expression of God’s divine nature and was in force before “the beginning.
How could she be someone’s mistake?
He puts us here to make an eternal difference.He puts us here to show everyone around us how much He loves them.He puts us here to be His hands and feet, His body and His heart.
Clever, smart and wise people have one in common that they read quotes, they are curious for knowledge and they have big libraries!
How can you tell when the devil is lying? His lips are moving.
If these is right from the beginnig up to the end like in books "Don't touch this book", this is really sign your contract for jail. How I'm different??I just watch, read and do stuff which most people even all don't read.... I do stuff which are rare for some people...
School taught me how to do language, maths and science; it failed to teach me the very basics of how to keep my home healthy.
How do you know that you know?How do you know that this books are really made by Einstein and also are saved as how they are made, I mean the text which is written by Einstein is the same as now you see it.
How do you know that past exist?
How to get it, I annoy you???You are not interested???What's the idea???
How the story is read is very important is it soft, is it in dry way or smooth...
People should train their brain by watching films, by listening music, by playing games, by reading quotes. If people do this, I can said from this a big percent from here you can become clever.
Rather than worrying about work, schedules, and deadlines, I felt at peace with God. He was in control. The world at large would not crumble because I turned off my iPhone. This is how it's supposed to be. For the first time in who knows how long, I felt like myself. Fully alive. Fully present. And fully aware of God's goodness.
How do I read so many books?Let's keep it as a secret!How do I know so much?Okay, this I will reveal, I have curiosity most people say that cats die from curiosity, but I like that fact... I'm curious and from it I know a lot of!
It's critical to God that we think about how we live, how we spend the present time with which we're gifted each day.
Knowing when and how to rest is knowing when and how to acknowledge your limitations and your dependence on God.
If you have answers to the “whys”, it will direct you to the “hows”. As simple as that!
We don't even know how to rest anymore.
To work properly as A.I.... - I should have doubt... and contradictory in my code....
If you are idle, ask “why?” If you feel like life is boring for you, ask “why?” When you get into a disappointment, ask “why?” Even if you come out of all torments and disturbances, ask “why?
To find why that happen and why this is happening, you should start from the beginning the problem comes from the beginning go and remove the bug, fix the problem and try again to see what will happen...Life is like a program you can fix it by going to that point and fixing it, but be careful what do you program and how you do it and what type of codes you use!
Soon it would be his turn. Kaine wondered how he would meet Death. His ship was a mess, in every sense of the word. Systems were in disarray, damaged equipment malfunctioning, and control panels shattered by blaster-fire littered the decks. In the fighting, severe hull damage had caused parts of the ship to be sealed off. Dead bodies – or raw red chunks of them – lay everywhere. The corridors were dark where the lights had failed. His footsteps echoed eerily as he ran down them. He’d been on the run for what felt like days. He felt naked, his tattered, sweat-drenched tunic clinging to his body, especially under his breastplate. Fatigue had caused him to discard his body amour. It was of no realistic use anyway, and just made him hotter and sweatier, made stealthy movement more difficult – and weighed him down.
We are all on the same tree on big and large, different levels and how far you go above as more you have to see, one wrong move you fall..., most cases you face the dead.
This process of breaking the old habits and making new ones requires strategic planning. Your vision is your why, while your strategic plan is your how. Even though the details are essential and knowing your numbers are important, it is the burning desire in your heart that will get you to the outcome you expect.
To be lazy is stupid, to be a muscle machine is a crazy thing... and how far we go or father we all the time can find disadvantages and it's own consequences.
For West is where we all plan to go some day. It is where you go when the land gives out and the old-field pines encroach. It is where you go when you get the letter saying: Flee, all is discovered. It is where you go when you look down at the blade in your hand and the blood on it. It is where you go when you are told that you are a bubble on the tide of empire. It is where you go when you hear that thar's gold in them-thar hills. It is where you go to grow up with the country. It is where you go to spend your old age. Or it is just where you go.
I'm in love with you. I'm in love with you and I don't know how to make you feel better. I'm in love with you and I shouldn't be. I'm in love with you and once you figure out who I am, you're not going to love me. I'm in love with you and I seem to fuck up the ones who love me back.
And the ship went out into the High Sea and passed into the West, until at last on a night of rain Frodo smelled a sweet fragrance on the air and heard the sound of singing that came over the water. And then it seemed to him that as in his dream in the house of Bombadil, the grey rain-curtain turned all to silver glass and was rolled back, and he beheld white shores and beyond them a far green country under a swift sunrise.
Man is an onion made up of a hundred integuments, a texture made up of many threads. The ancient Asiatics knew this well enough, and in the Buddhist Yoga an exact technique was devised for unmasking the illusion of the personality. The human merry-go-round sees many changes: the illusion that cost India the efforts of thousands of years to unmask is the same illusion that the West has labored just as hard to maintain and strengthen.
The Orient and Islam have a kind of extrareal, phenomenologically reduced status that puts them out of reach of everyone except the Western expert. From the beginning of Western speculation about the Orient, the one thing th orient could not do was to represent itself. Evidence of the Orient was credible only after it had passed through and been made firm by the refining fire of the Orientalist’s work.
OH, East is East, and West is West, and never the twain shall meet,	Till Earth and Sky stand presently at God’s great Judgment Seat;	But there is neither East nor West, Border, nor Breed, nor Birth,	When two strong men stand face to face, tho’ they come from the ends of the earth!
Men are free when they are obeying some deep, inward voice of religious belief. Obeying from within. Men are free when they belong to a living, organic, believing community, active in fulfilling some unfulfilled, perhaps unrealized purpose. Not when they are escaping to some wild west. The most unfree souls go west, and shout of freedom.
Out where the world is in the making,Where fewer hearts in despair are aching, That’s where the West begins
كلما ازداد تعدي أوروبا على الشرق في القرن التاسع عشر ازدادت ثقة الجمهور [الغربي] بالإستشراق. لكنه إذا كانت هذه الزيادة في الثقة قد تزامنت مع نقصان الإصالة، فلا ينبغي لنا أن ندهش كثيراً، لأن أسلوب الإستشراق منذ البداية كان يقوم على إعادة البناء والتكرار
Kropp on the other hand is a thinker. He proposes that a declaration of war should be a kind of popular festival with entrance-tickets and bands, like a bull fight. Then in the arena the ministers and generals of the two countries, dressed in bathing-drawers and armed with clubs, can have it out on themselves. Whoever survives the country wins. That would be much simpler and more than just this arrangement, where the wrong people do the fighting
By early evening all the sky to the north had darkened and the spare terrain they trod had turned a neuter gray as far as the eye could see. They grouped in the road at the top of a rise and looked back. The storm front towered above them and the wind was cool on their sweating faces. They slumped bleary-eyed in their saddles and looked at one another. Shrouded in the black thunderheads the distant lightning glowed mutely like welding seen through foundry smoke. As if repairs were under way at some flawed place n the iron dark of the world.
Government should be a place where people can come together, and no one gets left behind. No one…gets left behind. An instrument of good.
I was headed out down a long bone-white road, straight as a string and smooth as glass and glittering and wavering in the heat and humming under the tires like a plucked nerve. I was doing seventy-five but I never seemed to catch up with the pool which seemed to be over the road just this side of the horizon. Then, after a while, the sun was in my eyes, for I was driving west. So I pulled the sun screen down and squinted and put the throttle to the floor. And kept on moving west. For West is where we all plan to go some day. It is where you go when the land gives out and the old-field pines encroach. It is where you go when you get the letter saying: Flee, all is discovered. It is where you go when you look down at the blade in your hand and the blood on it. It is where you go when you are told that you are a bubble on the tide of empire. It is where you go when you hear that thar's gold in them-thar hills. It is where you go to grow up with the country. It is where you go to spend your old age. Or it is just where you go.It was just where I went.
...the Sierra, a region so quiet and pristine that we have the sense of being the first human beings ever to set foot in it. We fall silent ourselves in its midst, as if conversation in a place of such primaevl solitude would be like talking in church.
[Al-Qaeda's supporters] are aware of the cracks in the Western financial system as they are aware of the lines in their own hands
Even when the east excited me most, even when I was keenly aware of its superiority to the broad, sprawling, swollen towns beyond the Ohio, with their interminable inquisitions which only spared children and the very old-even then it had always for me a quality of distortion. 
It was the day of the worms. That first almost-warm, after-the-rainy-night day in April, when you bolt from your house to find yourself in a world of worms. They were as numerous here in the East End as they had been in the West. The sidewalks, the streets. The very places where they didn't belong. Forlorn, marooned on concrete and asphalt, no place to burrow, April's orphans.
The 'Renaissance' West Butchered the Rest.If I had to choose between an erudite Aristotle and an unknown ‘soulless’ black slave I would choose the latter. The ascendancy of the West was on a heap of bodies of slaves and trampled humanity through colonization
Yet only the atrocities of the conquered are referred to as criminal acts; those of the conqueror are justified as necessary, heroic, and even worse, as the fulfillment of God's will.
By midmorning eight of the horses stood tied and the other eight were wilder than deer, scattering along the fence and bunching and running in a rising sea of dust as the day warmed, coming to reckon slowly with the remorselessness of this rendering of their fluid and collective selves into that condition of separate and helpless paralysis which seemed to be among them like a creeping plague.
Globalization by the way of McDonald’s and KFC has captured the hearts, the minds, and from what I can see through the window, the growing bellies of the folks here.
Over time, it is all too common for people to lose touch with their heritage, as the thrill and immediacy of the present crowds out the echoes and lessons of the past. It would be a shame if that were to happen with respect to the fur trade. It is a seminal part of who we are as a nation, and how we came to be.
The East is fascinated with the western standard of living. The West is fascinated with eastern beliefs and practices.
There is a whole swathe of nervous German professors who fear something like a Buddhist inundation and a decline of the intellectual West. Rest assured, the West will not collapse and Europe will never become a Buddhist empire. Anyone who reads the Buddha's speeches and converts to Buddhism as a result may well have thereby found some kind of solace for himself - yet in place of the path that the Buddha might show us, all that person has opted for is an emergency exit.
I knew then that when we had crested that final tortuos pass in the rocks and dropped down into this valley, we had crossed a threshold into another world, a world with its own sun and moon, and its own separate race of man.
Ultimately, I found my instincts mirrored in a line from Thoreau: 'My needle...always settles between west and south-southwest. The future lies that way to me, and the earth seems more exhausted and richer on that side.
The illegal and immoral economic sanctions against #Iran, #Syria &amp; #Venezuela by the #US and all it's western / other lackeys, to subjugate those countries to fall in line with the "American Oligarchal Will" (otherwise known as US foreign policy) amounts to "Economic Terrorism.
The West is the place to gamble where you suffer and lose everything, even yourself without any doubts.
Westerners do not know what is going on in Venezuela because westerners simply refuse to know what is going on in Venezuela and prefer to believe in a parallel reality. Yes, believe, that's the word, 'to believe', as the opposite of 'toknow'.
In the South they are convinced that they have bloodied their place with history. In the West we do not believe that anything we do can bloody the land, or change it, or touch it.
Extend the sphere," Madison wrote, and, "you take in a greater variety of parties and interests," and you make it difficult for either a mob majority or a tyrannical minority to unite "to invade the rights of other citizens."Whatever one's take on any of the debates of the day (especially the debate over slavery), and whatever one's philosophical understanding of the relationship of republicanism to land, commerce, finance, and labor, most agreed on practicalities. Also wanted to remove Spain from the Mississippi; also wanted the capacities to pacify hostile native Americans and put down rebellions of poor people; and all wanted Great Britain to get out of the way of their commerce.All wanted "room enough," as Thomas Jefferson would put it in his 1800 inaugural address, to be protected from Europe's "exterminating havoc."Expansion became the answer to every question, the solution to all problems, especially those two caused by expansion.
This is imperative for the East as well as the West. “Come now, let us reason together” (Isaiah 1:18).
Our [Western] science has cut itself off from an adequate understanding of the Subject of Cognizance, of the mind. This is precisely the point where our present way of thinking needs to be amended, perhaps by a bit of blood-transfusion from Eastern thought.
My codes says that... the world is based on a chessboard rule... First the White pieces then the black pieces... white.... black...white...black... and who is going to end that?- Or this goes endless!? ( I need the limit..... I am not endless in my choices... I can't give you all... I can give you data with a limit.)
The western world is a dishonest society of non-disclosure agreements, cash for silence, and the illegal removal of civil rights from those in the know.
There are no doubts that western governments are willfully inducing radiation sickness into segments of their city populations.
Genius has now all-but disappeared from public view; partly because intelligence (which is strongly genetic) is in decline in the West, partly because social institutions no longer recognize or nurture genius, and partly because the modern West is actively hostile to genius.
The forest is blanketed by the greenest ferns and moss and bonsai-like trees, a wild majesty that beckons hobbits and pixies and elves and dreamers.
The biggest enemy of western people is not war or terrorism, it is their own governments lack of regulation of public health and safety.
We, that is, the traditionalists like myself, use the term ‘‘modernism’’ not in a vague way as characterizing just things that happen to be around today, but as a particular way of looking at the world, a worldview that began in the Renaissance in the West with such components as Renaissance humanism, rationalism, et cetera. As I have mentioned already, modernism rejects the primacy of absolute and ultimate truth transcending the human order and descend- ing upon the human realm from the Divine Order. It places man himself at the center of the stage as ‘‘the absolute.’’ In a sense it absolutizes the human being in his or her earthly reality. Usually it does not come out and say so explicitly, but that is what it really means; that is, it takes the absolute away from God and puts it on the human plane, and therefore makes human reason, human perceptions, human interests the criteria of reality, of knowledge, of the truth, of the goal of human life. Therefore, as a consequence it substitutes the significance of the temporal and the transient for the abiding and the eternal.
The bigness of the West makes men quiet; they seldom talk unless they have something to say.
The Western industrial complex would not change even if millions of people perished in Africa or India or some other faraway place. The population of the earth increases by millions every month, and such losses would be seen as a little drop in the ocean. But if something serious were to occur in the West, then that would turn upside down the currently held vision of Western people with regard to the impact of modern technology on nature. It would be something that would wake them up and perhaps help to stop this really suicidal course that modern civilization is currently pursuing and that the rest of the world is trying to follow.
Western police officers are an arguably corrupt group of people that have rigged the system to make them almost untouchable.
Saudi author and reformist Turki al-Hamad gave this epitaph for reform: “From the early 20th century to this day, we constantly hear people say: We should adopt the good things [from the West] and ignore the bad. You cannot do such a thing. When you consider the products of modern civilization—the car, the computer, and so on— these are all products of a certain philosophy, a certain way of thinking. If you adopt the product, but ignore the producer—you have a problem. You cannot do such a thing. [For us,] the product is new, but the thought is not. We move forward with our eyes looking backward.
The west coast is a mecca for wild hearts, wild minds, wild spirits and I’m a WMD—I’ve got so much energy I’m about to explode.
سعدتُ كثيراً في البدء، لأن العلم قوي في الغرب، لدرجة أن الدين هو ما يتم تطويعه أحياناً ليواكب العلم وليس العكس، ونادراً ما يتجرأ رجال الدين على مناقضة العلم صراحة لأنهم يعرفون طبيعة الشعوب ومدى اتساع آفاقها، ومعارضة العلم في أوروبا بمثابة انتحار على الصعيد الشخصي والفكري، تماماً كما هو الأمر بالنسبة إلى محاربة الفكر الديني في الشرق الأوسط. سعدت بالنهاية لأن البرهان أقوى من الفرضية هناك، وليس العكس.
As a movement (rather than a preference), the goal of antinatalism is that no humans should have children. What ambassadors, then, are we to send to the Brazilian Amazonian Pirahã people to persuade them to stop reproducing? According, at least, to Professor Daniel Everett, here is a people who have no knowledge of regret, depression or suicide. Are we to enlighten them in order to appease a group of discontented intellectuals in the first world? The Pirahã would appear to be one pocket of humanity to whom the sickness unto death does not apply, and this reveals a crack, which may grow, in the antinatalist edifice.
Daisuke was of course equipped with conversation that, even if they went further, would allow him to retreat as if nothing had happened. He had always wondered at the conversations recorded in Western novels, for to him they were too bald, too self indulgent, and moreover, too unsubtly rich. However they read in the original, he thought they reflected a taste that could not be translated into Japanese. Therefore, he had not the slightest intention of using imported phrases to develop his relationship with Michiyo. Between the two of them at least, ordinary words sufficed perfectly well. But the danger was of slipping from point A to point B without realizing it. Daisuke managed to stand his ground only by a hair's breadth. When he left, Michiyo saw him to the entranceway and said, "Do come again, please? It's so lonely.
The distinction between any closed group and outside peoples, becomes in terms of religion that between the true believers and the heathen. Between these two categories for thousands of years there were no common meeting-points. [...][Today] we feel a justified superiority when we read a description such as this of the standard religious attitude. [...] But considering the scope of a similar attitude has had in our civilization in the form of race prejudices, for example, we are justified in a little scepticism as to whether our sophistication in the matter of religion is due to the fact that we have outgrown naive childishness, or simply to the fact that religion is no longer the area of life in which the important modern battles are staged.In the really live issues of our civilization we seem to be far from having gained the detachment that we have so largely achieved in the field of religion.
...David Mich is the Hollywood genius who produced and wrote much of the HBO series Deadwood. Mr. Milch's story was an interesting one to me, at least as it emerged from maybe half a dozen profiles written about him back when Deadwood was in its heyday, and it goes like this: Mr. Milch had pined to do a western ever since he was an important writer on an Emmy-winning network cop series and could just as easily have been a novelist, if I remember the story correctly, and after years of research and reading everything available on the old west decided to focus his talents on the town of Deadwood in the 1870s. But hold your horses, Tex. As Mr. Milch explained it, he didn't read everything after all, he read everything except the novel Deadwood, and was not only able on his own to come up with the same setting and feel and characters that populated the novel, but somehow intuited a footnote-in-history sort of character named Charlie Utter into pretty much the same human being who is the central character of the novel. Except Mr. Milch gave him an English accent, and if that's not Hollywood genius I don't know what is. ...--Acknowledgments
Western technology made slavery unnecessary; Western ideas made it intolerable.
The biggest threat to Western civilization is posed not by other civilizations, but by our own pusillanimity — and by the historical ignorance that feeds it.
Western governments invaded Iraq, dismantled Libya, interfered without success in Yemen and Syria. Yet North Korea causes all the trouble?
And thus ended America's love affair with the West.
My father had seen in a flash that they were all gunmen, so he told me to stand still, although we were right in a possible line of fire. If near a gun-fight and the weapons are wielded by amateurs, run for your life; if professionals are handling the trigger, stand still — they know where they are shooting.
I always found in myself a dread of the west and a love of the east.
What, then, of the achievements of Muslim philosophy in Ibn Rushd (Averroes), Ibn al-Haytham, Ibn Sina (Avicenna), al-Razi, al-Kindi, al- Khawarizmi, and al-Farabi? Reformist thinker Ibrahim Al-Buleihi, a current member of the Saudi Shura Council, responds, “These [achievements] are not of our own making, and those exceptional individuals were not the product of Arab culture, but rather Greek culture. They are outside our cultural mainstream and we treated them as though they were foreign elements. Therefore we don’t deserve to take pride in them since we rejected them and fought their ideas. Conversely, when Europe learned from them it benefited from a body of knowledge which was originally its own because they were an extension of Greek culture, which is the source of the whole of Western civilization.”21
...we are starving for story, our greatest hunger, our greatest terror; and we love most what we must have but can never have; and so on we go, west and then west.
Some societies, and some people here, too, have decided that if women copy the West and start wearing skirts and jeans, they will find freedom, or if they are allowed to go out of their homes to work they will find freedom, but a woman in jeans can be beaten as much as a woman in a burqa.
There is no doubt in my mind that the South Sudanese civil war has exposed global hypocrisy in a stunning way — and I am not quite sure if this level of hypocrisy is a Western, African, or Eastern one.
How did it get so late so soon?
How did it get so late so soon? It's night before it's afternoon. December is here before it's June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?
You're late.""Sorry. I was busy talking about my feelings and killing people.
I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them.
Ah, Nothing is too late, till the tired heart shall cease to palpitate.
People who are chronically tardy never understand the many ways in which they screw up the schedules of people who are punctual and 'normal'...
I avoid that bleak first hour of the working day during which my still sluggish senses and body make every chore a penance. I find that in arriving later, the work which I do perform is of a much higher quality.
A delayed game is eventually good, a bad game is bad forever.
It is too late." The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be." He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.
I've been quite a late developer on the clothes front, but I've suddenly realised it is one of life's joys.
And you're late.""I prefer chronologically challenged.
Often, it’s hard to identify an economic event risk until it's too late.
It ought to be plain how little you gain by getting excited and vexed. You'll always be late for the previous train,and always on time for the next.
You cannot respect someone but disrespect their time.
Magnus deeply disliked people who were early to business meetings. It was just as bad as being late, since it put everyone out, and even worse, people who were early always acted terribly superior about their bad timekeeping skills. They acted as though it were morally more righteous to get up early than to stay up late, even if you got the same amount of work done in the exact same amount of time. Magnus found it to be one of the great injustices of life.
Sorry I'm late," Ms. Egami said to the class. She dropped her papers, which scattered in that special way papers do when one is running late.
She had managed to go almost three weeks without being late. Admittedly on two of those days she'd perambulated around the office like someone doing a good imitation of the walking dead - but she'd been timely walking dead, damn it.
Come on!" Clera tossed Nona her shoes and dropped to the floor. "Mistress Spirit is the worst!" "I thought you said the Poisoner was the worst!" "They're all the worst when you're late!
It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.
The courthouse clock struck nine and it was getting late and it was really night on this small street in a small town in a big state on a large continent on a planet earth hurtling down the pit of space toward nowhere or somewhere and Tom feeling every mile of the long drop.
If by ‘late’ we mean showing up on our time-table, then God is likely to be late most every time.
The person you are mad at for being late could be dead.
By the time she had finished unburdening herself, someone had turned off the moon
They always know your worth when it’s too late.
It's never too late to tell someone that you don't like them.
That's the funny thing about old people: they never seem in a hurry. I think old people have figured out that being five minutes late really doesn't matter much.
Be Not Late ***Late has no gateIt may become A wrinkleUpon one's fateBe on timeFor successIt is its rhymeAs a result, It will be greatNo burden of a wait.
We wonder why God waits to step in after it’s too late. That’s because with God there is no such thing as too late.
Morning, guys!! Today, I wandered a bit from the path of life...
Kids are always late to apologize but mothers are never late to forgive.
What broke your heart so badThat you had to close every door, That you say you have a dark soulAnd can't utter the word 'love' anymore?
True love is not a hide and seek game: in true love, both lovers seek each other.
...but you have to know when you close those doors, you don't leave anything for the other person.
I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.
It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here.
Perception is strong and sight weak. In strategy it is important to see distant things as if they were close and to take a distanced view of close things.
If someone is really close with you, your getting upset or them getting upset is okay, and they don’t change because of it. It’s just part of the relationship. It happens. You deal with it.
The farther away, the closer the home becomes.
Perhaps you are just close to what you have been waiting for all along and ideas start formulating in your mind and advising you to "give up". Tell them "not me".
When the door of opportunity of your storehouse opens for you, let faith and hope enter first. When your faith leads the way, you will locate the source of your hidden treasures.
Perhaps fate brought us together,And the incidents in between made us close,Falling in love was a simple choice,But breaking my heart, that was yours.
There is no one so cruel as those closest to you.
Without feeling so close, so connected, so comfortable to a person for what I have sex.
Fear not, get close to Him and He will take care.
You’re far		yet so close—		to my soul.For, I have a home for you—		in my heart—		from the very beginning.So, you’ll stay, 		grow old,		and be buried with me.
... the city around us seemed colder than ever again, and I realised that even if it really had sensed something going on, it certainly didn't care. It moved forward again. I could feel it. I could almost hear it laugh and taste it. Close. Watching. Mocking. And it was cold, so cold, as it watched my sister bleeding at the back of our house.
When you close to me, my heart has created a vibration of the precise "Carrier frequency" to send all deep information about me to you
যখন আমার নয়ন খুলি,বিশ্বটাই কেবল সামনে আসে,যখন আমার নয়ন বুজি,সমগ্র সৌরজগত নয়নে ভাসে!
We're not sorry. We don't know how to be. Most of us still believe that the room disappears after we close the door.
If you have to block your closest friend in Facebook for some unavoidable reason, don't feel bad, because he/she does not deserve your friendship.
When you close your eyes, it's my heart that lights up the love in mine.
If you're close to her, everyone would know it. If they don't, only you think you're close to her.
You’re faryet so close—to my soul.For, I have a home for you—in my heart—from the very beginning.So, you’ll stay,grow old,and be buried with me.
Sometimes you get so close to someone that you forget they have the choice to not be in your life.
Sometimes we see best when we close our eyes.
I don’t know if I can put it into words just yet, this feeling like something’s ending and I have to be close to it.
When I open my eyes,Only the world appears to me, When I close my eyes, The entire universe I can see!
You have to know who to keep near you and those you should be far away from.
The sea holds our closest friends, and the ends of the earth are our neighbors... -Ruo Xi
Dawn and dusk are mutual friends of the sun; one opens the door for him to a brand new day and the other one has to shut it to embrace the darkness of night.
The most fascinating destinations don’t lay on the cusp of some ever-distant horizon. Rather, they lie in a place well on this side of every horizon…our hearts.
Hygge offers space for both reverie and relatedness. The heat of an open fire draws us close. Its shadow gives us a place to hide and softens our gaze.
Holding you in my arms always feels like holding a musical instrument that I love the most, moving my fingers on your skin feels like playing it. And my soul closes its eyes and starts singing along with the music I start creating.
My Christmas wish: To feel your arms around me, to have your lips on mine, and to hold you close one more time, while there's time.
He sat beside the window in the dark, with his eyes closed. Hearing to the sound of the rain. The whisky in his glass burnt his throat, while the smoke of his cigarette filled his lungs and the fire inside his heart consumed his soul slowly.
The only thing that comes close to defining me correctly is my love.
Close your eyes. Meditate on your love. This is God.
My love, we can close our eyes but we cannot stop the sunrise.
In your anger, zip your lips!
Be in a close association with your creator, for love will do its best
David cuts through all the many needs, wants, and desires that may have been bouncing around inside him and essentially says, "If I could have only one thing, I want to be with God, to be in His presence, to know that he is always with me." Whether in good times or bad times, David knew the thing he needed most: to feel God's presence close by, intimately, through worship.
When you close your eyes and you feel the color, that is when you know that love has entered your heart.
The day you forgive your past and close your eyes. You will hear a river flowing inside you again. You will hear that waves of the ocean hitting the seashores of your soul once again. And again the sun will shine, lighting up your darkest nights.
With our sides pressed together and his arm around my shoulders, it was like having one foot in the past and one in the present. Being this close now felt totally different than before. If only the TV had been on, I imagined we’d be following in the footsteps of couples all over the world, cuddled up as we were.
Sarà perché la sera fa un po' freddo ma le parole che scambio con te mi scaldano il cuore. Ti sento ancora più vicina. Non importa che io sia il sostituto di Watari o chiunque altro. Vorrei rimanere così per sempre.
But it's hard to explain, Mitch. Now that I'm suffering, I feel closer to people who suffer than I ever did before.. ..I feel their anguish as if it were my own. I don't know any of these people. But - how can I put this? - I'm almost... drawn to them.
You know how exit signs are bright and red and at times we’re blind to what’s behind? The doors are just subliminal metaphors that lead us through life. We never know, but we take a chance and open it.
Maximize the potential of everyone close to you
God doesn’t want us to sit idle and simply enjoy His presence, he wants a close relationship with Him
If I lived around the corner we would still be together, but honestly, it would’ve been for all the wrong reasons.
I drive a beat-up Mercury Cougar, with the windows down and the music up. I seek my identity in toughness - but it is Morrie's softness that draws me, and because he doesn't look at me as a kid trying to be something more than I am, I relax.
Into the sea I’d love to sink When with both eyes a shark can blinkIs he a brave fish or a marine man?Through those closed eyelids my heart will he scan?
We were too close, I thought, I'd never been so close to him except in a dream or when he cupped his hand to light my cigarette. If he brought his ear any closer he'd hear my heart. I'd seen it written in novels but never believed it until now.
The alien was an ugly sight, all angles and corners. Like a pentagram might look if it fell into a mathematical blender. No ports, seam lines or anything. Smooth yellow hull. No markings. And it was too close!
We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
You may have good skills and better knowledge, but it is your attitude that will bring people closer to you.
Close and Close... and close and close and close cases - Very Helpful - THat's "Now" - Dexter.
A dream so vibrant,A dream so blissful;I hold it close to my heart.In anxious nights,And days of hope;These years have passed solely.One day the dream to turn true- If only!
If you hate it... you close it!If you can't do it... you don't do it...!...Don't try from shit to make gold!
To be in a situation characterised by hygge is to be in a state of pleasant wellbeing and security, with a relaxed frame of mind and an open enjoyment of the immediate situation in all its small pleasures - a state one achieves most often with close members of one's social network in a home-like setting. -Judith Friedman Hansen
God is a mean-spirited, pugnacious bully bent on revenge against His children for failing to live up to his impossible standards.
Because they are mean is no reason why I should be. I hate such things, and though I think I've a right to be hurt, I don't intend to show it. (Amy March)
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
I’m mistaken….for thinking you were someone with a heart worth breaking.
It gets so tiring, this strong-picking-on-the-weak stuff. It was the story of my life -literally- and it seemed to be a big part of the outside world too. I was sick of it, sick of guys like these, stupid and bullying.
I like living in my head because in there, everyone is kind and innocent. Once you start integrating yourself into the world, you realize that people are nasty, mean creatures. They're worse than zombies. People try to crush your soul and destroy your happiness, but zombies just want to have a little nibble of your brain.
I think it's obvious if you're wanted here or not.""Daemon," hissed Dee, her cheeks red. She turned to me, tears in her eyes. "He's not being serious.""Are you being serious, Daemon?" Ash turned in his lap, head cocked to the side.My heart was already pounding in my chest when his eyes met mine. His were sheltered. "Actually I was being serious." He leaned over the table, staring up at me through thick lashes. "You're not wanted here."Dee spoke again, but I was beyond hearing. My face felt like it was on fire. People around us were starting to stare. One of the Thompson boys was smirking while the other looked as though he wanted to crawl underneath the table for me. The rest of the kids at the table were staring at their plates. One of them snickered.I'd never been more humiliated in my life.
My mother says that when Mrs. Rowley is mean, which is generally the case, it is really because she is just unhappy, and who could blame her with a husband like that . . . She says this is really the only reason people are ever mean--they have something hurting inside of them, a claw of unhappiness scratching at their hearts, and it hurts them so much that sometimes they have to push it right out of their mouths to scratch someone else, just to give themselves a rest, a moment of relief.
I have a deep-down belief that there are folks in the world who are good through and through, and others who came in mean and will go out mean. It's like coffee. Once it's roasted, it all looks brown. Until you pour hot water on it and see what comes out. Folks get into hot water, you see what comes out.
No, we aren't civilized, even in our business suits and high heels. People are as mean as ever, and as predictable. Underneath it all, we are not so different from what lurks in the wild, perhaps we're worse.
I frequently observe that one pretty face would be followed by five and thirty frights.
You know if you would just do as I say I wouldn't have to hurt you.
This is when I learned that nice people sometimes felt they had to pretend to be mean and awful.
When someone would mistreat, misinform, misuse, misguide, mishandle, mislead… or any other "mis"… to others, they’re obviously missing something from their lives.
The more I disliked myself the more wretched I grew. The difference now was that this mood did not manifest itself in sullen silence; I merely made use of my barbed tongue to wound them and spoil their pleasure.
Surviving can make people right mean
I really mean it what do I say, unless I won’t say.
You're more mean-spirited than I remember you being.""It's this organic body. Hologram fur wasn't itchy.
Little boys can be very silly," Anastasia agreed. Her quiet hand stroked Lexi's head, untangling her hair. "But you know what, agapi mou? You shouldn't be scared. I think he's more afraid of you than you are of him." Lexi could feel her mother smiling. She liked her mother's smile. It took up her entire face, radiating from her lips to her dimples to the crinkles around her eyes. "He's new here, and I think he is a very lonely little boy. Do you know why he is mean? He doesn't know how to be nice.
Jealous people can be quite mean in an attempt to feel better about themselves, but you do not have to give them that power.
Being in the moment doesn't mean that you are right at the moment.
Escucha, Campanilla —gritó—, ya no soy tu amigo. Aléjate de mí para siempre.
The Mean People***You don't know Who is whoIn this concept On every stepYou should keep Your mind alertBecause The most of the bestAnd the fair Can be easily hurtWhen the ugly character And mean people flirt.
My path to a life of meaning may not have been straight or easy, but I am fortunate to have found my personal stepping stones, laid out before me like a masterpiece. There is not one stone, not one memory or one experience that I would have changed. I am grateful for the good and the bad, for I am the sum of all my experiences.
I said ‘Periods are God’s way of being mean to men’ and she replied ‘Periods are God’s way of giving women a break from men’.
People can thought you’re look mean but from real it’s just a mask what you seems to protect you.
The only meaning of life is the after death, when living passes to another level of greatness of being.
How a man handles his woman when in anger, tells a lot about what she means to him.
Hello paradise, goodbye mean world.
Good and bad lies within and without one other loses its mean and essence.
I look around and see so much fear, people getting more and more comfortable with their hate, more at ease being mean, more united in their separation. And I think, NO. Not me. I will not get lost in this fearful world. I will not play with bullies. I will continue to be brave and kind. I will speak for real unity. And no matter what, I will never stop loving.
Survival was my primary mission at school.
Just because you believe something was true in the past does not mean it will be true in the future.
Don't hang out with people who are:UngratefulUnhelpfulUnrulyUnkindlyUnlovingUnambitiousUnmotivatedor make you feel...Uncomfortable
Never mind the rule, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all,' because that's not the route to take. Instead, look into the mirror and say those things to yourself. Then yell those things at yourself. And multiply how much that hurts by 10. And decide, should I still say these things? And walk away.
No matter how rough someone's life is, it's never an excuse to be mean.
Just because our brains are limited in size, does not mean our minds need be.
President Trump is doing a great job of demonstrating how mean the rich can be to the poor, sick and elderly.
Part of what makes us human is what we mean to other people, and what people mean to us. I miss meaning something to someone, having that part of being human.
Meanness is a monster that usurps your self-control because you cowardly allow it to conquer you.
When you realize that incompetent police officers are harassing you, you need to call 911 and demand that a police supervisor be immediately dispatched to the scene. In the mean time you need to be video recording everything, as police officers are known for their blatant lies and fabrications.
Don't be a bully, don't be meanBe a hero, don't be afraid to be seen.
I’m mean? That’s the worst you can throw at me?”“Mean and self-pitying. Does that make it better?”“And what are you, Astrid?” he shouted. “A smug know-it-all! You point your finger at me and say, ‘Hey, Sam, you make the decisions, and you take all the heat.’”“Oh, it’s my fault? No way. I didn’t anoint you.”“Yeah, you did, Astrid. You guilted me into it. You think I don’t know what you’re all about? You used me to protect Little Pete. You use me to get your way. You manipulate me anytime you feel like it.”“You really are a jerk, you know that?”“No, I’m not a jerk, Astrid. You know what I am? I’m the guy getting people killed,” Sam said quietly.Then, “My head is exploding from it. I can’t get my brain around it. I can’t do this. I can’t be that guy, Astrid, I’m a kid, I should be studying algebra or whatever. I should be hanging out. I should be watching TV.”His voice rose, higher and louder till he was screaming. “What do you want from me? I’m not Little Pete’s father. I’m not everybody’s father. Do you ever stop to think what people are asking me to do? You know what they want me to do? Do you? They want me to kill my brother so the lights will come back on. They want me to kill kids! Kill Drake. Kill Diana. Get our own kids killed.“That’s what they ask. Why not, Sam? Why aren’t you doing what you have to do, Sam? Tell kids to get eaten alive by zekes, Sam. Tell Edilio to dig some more holes in the square, Sam.”He had gone from yelling to sobbing. “I’m fifteen years old. I’m fifteen.”He sat down hard on the edge of the bed. “Oh, my God, Astrid. It’s in my head, all these things. I can’t get rid of them. It’s like some filthy animal inside my head and I will never, ever, ever get rid of it. It makes me feel so bad. It’s disgusting. I want to throw up. I want to die. I want someone to shoot me in the head so I don’t have to think about everything.”Astrid was beside him, and her arms were around him. He was ashamed, but he couldn’t stop the tears. He was sobbing like he had when he was a little kid, like when he had a nightmare. Out of control. Sobbing.Gradually the spasms slowed. Then stopped. His breathing went from ragged to regular.“I’m really glad the lights weren’t on,” Sam said. “Bad enough you had to hear it.”“I’m falling apart,” he said.Astrid gave no answer, just held him close. And after what felt like a very long time, Sam moved away from her, gently putting distance between them again.“Listen. You won’t ever tell anyone…”“No. But, Sam…”“Please don’t tell me it’s okay,” Sam said. “Don’t be nice to me anymore. Don’t even tell me you love me. I’m about a millimeter from falling apart again.”“Okay.
Stop being silly. You know what I mean.” No, she really didn’t, and she hated when people made that assumption. If she had known, why would she bother asking?
When people cannot use you, They will call you selfish and mean,They don’t know your struggles, They don’t know where you have been
Dear Matt, We finally made it to California, and it’s just like you told me. I feel you here with us – I think Frankie does, too.’ How dare you write about me in here! How dare you write to my brother! You think just because you fooled around a few times he cared about you? You think he wouldn’t have ditched you the second he found some new girl at Cornell? Get over yourself!
We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
Tell me what's emotion… and what's like… both words what do they mean?
If you ask me teachers really suck... but what doesn't suck is the knowledge you have these days a lot of which is free which mean that you can put it in practice.
Are they always so mean?” I asked. “It’s the oldest story in the book— the bullied become the bullies.
Just because opportunities present themselves doesn't mean you should accept every one of them. It's not realistic, and it's also not wise.
Every political mean is imperfect.
That I talk about that doesn't mean anything, that my name is like this doesn't mean anything... that I watch this and listen to this doesn't mean anything - Meaning of All By DeYth Banger
The Exo went pale when he realized what we were dealing with. Well, what he thought we were dealing with. I never really thought he was a paragon of courage, mister ‘I’ll-be-Captain-one-of-these-days’ Beckett. He wanted to turn a blind eye as it were, and keep going. Of course we didn’t want to break the law – or tempt karma… so the Captain over-ruled him and decided to stop. It was. A trap, I mean. But nothing like we thought – not something as mundane as Corsairs. Oh, no. And it didn’t spring on us till days later, when we were light-years away.
We all die, it's a fact that today you aren't here, yesterday you weren't here doesn't mean that tomorrow you won't be here!
Adult don't know what they say and what they mean once that... other moment something else... it's okay for the kids... they grow... they still don't know a lot of stuff but so far I see that they have an a excuse!- BUt what's the adult... excuse?!
[O]ne duty may be said to be too long, when its shuts out another, and then it ceaseth, indeed, to be a duty(274).
She was a walking deposition to every encounter that fed a dark hunger for confrontation.
Sometimes doesn't mean behaving nice, means you will got the same answer, it never means that everything done in positive = returns positive.... sometimes comes and negative.
It doesn't matter when, how old am I and how. When the first robot is build and it can be like a human which will mean can think, and communicate I will go and buy it. Because this will be the best friend ever will have and ever had!
I want everyone to wear what they want and mix it in their own way. That, to me, is what is modern.
It is really a matter of ending this silence and solitude, of breathing and stretching one's arms again.
To be modern is to tear the soul out of every thing
This grandiose tragedy that we call modern art.
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.
In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.
..dan modern adalah juga kesunyian manusia yatim-piatu dikutuk untuk membebaskan diri dari segala ikatan yang tidak diperlukan: adat, darah, bahkan juga bumi, kalau perlu juga sesamanya.
Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.
Dan bukankan satu ciri manusia modern adalah juga kemenangan individu atas lingkungannya dengan prestasi individual? Individu-individu kuat sepatutnya bergabung mengangkat sebangsanya yang lemah, memberinya lampu pada yang kegelapan dan memberi mata pada yang buta
To be modern means to like antique furniture - and youthful neurosis.
The city of Leonia refashions itself every day: every morning the people wake between fresh sheets, wash with just-unwrapped cakes of soap, wear brand-new clothing, take from the latest model refrigerator still unopened tins, listening to the last-minute jingles from the most up-to-date radio.On the sidewalks, encased in spotless plastic bags, the remains of yesterday's Leonia await the garbage truck. Not only squeezed tubes of toothpaste, blown-out light bulbs, newspapers, containers, wrappings, but also boilers, encyclopedias, pianos, porcelain dinner services.It is not so much by the things that each day are manufactured, sold, bought, that you can measure Leonia's opulence, but rather by the things that each day are thrown out to make room for the new.So you begin to wonder if Leonia's true passion is really , as they say, the enjoyment of new things, and not, instead, the joy of expelling, discarding, cleansing itself of a recurrent impurity. The fact is that street cleaners are welcomed like angels.
Here's a new 'Blessing' for our time -- 'May Anderson Cooper never be sent to report on your town!
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
Gone are the days when women were attracted by a man's hansomeness. Today, we are talking about cash, and your compromise to become a tiger in bed.
[The] tremendous and still accelerating development of science and technology has not been accompanied by an equal development in social, economic, and political patterns...We are now...only beginning to explore the potentialities which it offers for developments in our culture outside technology, particularly in the social, political and economic fields. It is safe to predict that...such social inventions as modern-type Capitalism, Fascism, and Communism will be regarded as primitive experiments directed toward the adjustment of modern society to modern methods
...it seemed a part of her life, to step from the ancient to the modern, back and forth. She felt rather sorry for those who knew only one and not the other. It was better, she thought, to be able to select from the whole menu of human achievements than to be bound within one narrow range.
Death frees us from the sickness of modern life.
Pod kvazi-mitskim totalitetom tehničke racionalnosti prijeti nam inteligencija bez patosa, inteligencija kojoj nije potreban nikakav jezik koji ima svoj vlastiti smisao jer ionako sve funkcionira bez bilo kakvog proturječja; ta inteligencija ne zna za spomen jer nije ugrožena nikakvim zaboravom: čovjek kao kompjuterizirana inteligencija bez osjetljivosti na patnju i bez morala, ukratko: čovjek kao rapsodija nedužnosti jednoga glatko funkcionirajućeg stroja. Treba li doista to biti čovjek nakon smrti čovjeka?
After many visits to doctors over a decade, I had concluded that the modern corporate healthcare system was not going to fix me and that it was my responsibility to do so.
Intolerance to gluten has been understood for thousands of years and one can only wonder why the average time from first symptoms to diagnosis takes a decade in modern corporate medicine.
Death offers freedoms that do not exist in modern corporate societies.
OBSOLETE, adj. No longer used by the timid. Said chiefly of words. A word which some lexicographer has marked obsolete is ever thereafter an object of dread and loathing to the fool writer, but if it is a good word and has no exact modern equivalent equally good, it is good enough for the good writer. Indeed, a writer's attitude toward "obsolete" words is as true a measure of his literary ability as anything except the character of his work. A dictionary of obsolete and obsolescent words would not only be singularly rich in strong and sweet parts of speech; it would add large possessions to the vocabulary of every competent writer who might not happen to be a competent reader.
Modern corporate controlled governments are making Adolf Hitler look like an amateur.
Tampaknya hanya buku yang paling pantas diceritakan dengan bangga oleh manusia beradab, bukan BMW, Mercedes, ataupun Volvo. Apabila ada manusia di zaman sekarang yang menyebut dirinya modern tetapi tidak mengindahkan buku, memilikinya, dan membacanya, maka dengan demikian manusia tersebut telah mengambil inisiatif menjadikan dirinya sebagai hewan.
Maybe, you will kiss the modern brideLet's agree to disagree, babeon everything, in advanceJust duct tape my heart to yours babe
The rapidly collapsing global environment will take modern society with it.
Convenient ignorance is a common problem in the modern workplace.
Observe the people and you will notice many abnormal personalities in modern corporate controlled society.
Soon all of you immortalsWill be as dead as we are! Come on then, what are you waiting for?Have you run out of thunderbolts?
Technology has allowed the human race to proliferate far beyond anyone’s dreams in just a few hundred years. But, paradoxically, it has the potential to make that extra life miserable, even to the point of death.
The modern and contemporary attire and terminology for the backbiting is a transmission that, people watch and view on Television Channels every day as the news.
I call modern electronic light bulbs ‘Insomnia light bulbs’ because they are known to disrupt sleep.
In the modern, networked and symbiotic world we live in, people management is less about squeezing performance from the organized few and more about curating contribution from the limitless many.
Modernisasi pada akhirnya memang suatu permainan kekuatan. Ada yang tergusur, ada yang menggusur. Ada yang menang, ada yang telantar lemah. Tapi jangan salah kira: di zaman seperti ini, yang lemah tak akan tinggal jadi gurun: “yang lemah berbahaya bagi yang kuat, sebagaimana pasir hanyut berbahaya bagi si gajah,“ kata Tagore tentang dunia modern.
To the modern detective, truth is rarely its own reward; usually it is its own punishment. And if you cannot track mystery to the back of its ugly cave, then be content to stand at the edge of the dark and call it by name.
If anything already exists; you polished and repaired or reshaped, it means you just improved that. What didn't exist, you created and designed; it's called modern elements. Don't label all things modern that already existed.
Every subject was, and is, and will be modern, in its time. The term modern does not mean the objects, but it means, the way of your thoughts, is best than it was.
The great fact all the while however had been the incalculability; since he had supposed himself, from decade to decade, to be allowing, and in the most liberal and intelligent manner, for brilliancy of change. He actually saw that he *had* allowed for nothing; he missed what he would have been sure of finding, he found what he would never have imagined. Proportions and values were upside-down; the ugly things he had expected, the ugly things of his far away youth, when he had too promptly waked up to a sense of the ugly--these uncanny phenomena placed him rather, as it happened, under the charm; whereas the 'swagger' things, the modern, the monstrous, the famous things, those he had more particularly, like thousands of ingenuous enquirers every year, come over to see, were exactly his sources of dismay. They were as so many set traps for displeasure, above all for reaction, of which his restless tread was constantly pressing the spring. It was interesting, doubtless, the whole show, but it would have been too disconcerting hadn't a certain finer truth saved the situation. He had distinctly not, in this steadier light, come over *all* for the monstrosities; he had come, not only in the last analysis but quite on the face of the act, under an impulse with which they had nothing to do. ("The Jolly Corner")
Most people in the modern world are making their lives miserable not because they have no food, but because they eat excessively. The same goes for wealth. We must know how much wealth is needed to live a decent life and be happy.
A corrupt corporate government employs blatantly corrupt scientists.
It is well established that gaining weight around the belly is a sign of underlying sickness in many cases.
Hello suicide, goodbye problems.
Beware war, famine, plague ... and a life that is too comfortable.
I would not have believed how bad the modern corporate healthcare system was had I not used it and saw it with my own eyes.
The modern human has two options: Understand and treat environmental illness, or live life in a sickened state and die prematurely from environmental disease.
Suicide fixes every health issue known to humanity.
Hitlers crimes against humanity pale into insignificance when compared to those being committed by modern corporate controlled governments.
The biologically toxic electromagnetic cover up is one of the most destructive actions that modern governments are engaging in.
It is unfortunate that the modern healthcare system has devolved into a mass production line of sickened people attending very short appointments with overworked doctors that are delivering substandard care that is influenced by drug companies.
One of the things about researching climate change and global warming is that you eventually come to the conclusion that nature will fix everything after starvation, illness and disease causes the collapse of modern society.
The biggest mistake that I made in life was working for biologically toxic employers. The second biggest mistake was expecting that the modern healthcare system could fix my occupational diseases.
It is important that you understand what modern government is: It is a group of people that were sponsored by corporations and the rich to promote their interests once they were elected.
Modern corporate controlled governments have a really bad dose of toxic bureaucrats.
Whether you live or die in modern society largely comes down to how you understand environmental radiation, digestive disorders and antioxidant supplementation.
In the information age, man and spider both live in a web.
In modern society, it is not enough to be an engineer, a doctor, a chemist, a biologist, or a physicist, you must be all of them to understand why human health is failing on such a massive scale.
The ancient world was fairly modern for its time.
My encounters with the Hawaiian spirits atop Mauna Kea indicate that there is another universe that is not understood by modern science.
The Qur’ān has not merely been revealed in Arabic: it has been revealed in eloquent Arabic. The language is clear and cogent, and there is no vagueness in it; every word is unambiguous and every style adopted is well known to its addressees. The Qur’ān says:The faithful Spirit has brought it down into your heart [O Prophet] that you may become a warner [for people] in eloquent Arabic. (26:193-195)In the form of an Arabic Qur’ān, free from any ambiguity that they may save themselves [from punishment]. (39:28)This is an obvious reality about the Qur’ān. If this premise is accepted, then it must be conceded that no word used or style adopted by the Qur’ān is rare or unknown (shādh). Its words and styles are well known and conventionally understood by its addressees. No aspect of the language has any peculiarity or rarity in it.
Ancient aphorisms outlived centuries. Modern aphorisms can barеly survive from book to book.
Too sick to work and not sick enough to die is common in modern society.
Modern architecture has the potential to send you to an early grave.
I view the modern workplace as somewhere that you go to have your long term health severely damaged.
We don’t know if the mythologies are fact or fiction or mix of the two. But as far as people have faith in them, they shape their values. When people lose faith in scriptures and mythologies, they easily fall prey to the fictions of the modern times, which propagate infidelity, pleasure seeking and materialism.
We are damaging the world more with our mobiles than our forefathers did with their musket.
I view the modern workplace as somewhere you go to have your long term health severely damaged.
Modern corporate controlled governments are in the business of covering things up.
Modern society is a biological disaster masquerading as progress.
Suicide cures all known personal problems.
Our faith is often embodied in the relationships and neighborhoods where we live. In our world of globalization, technology, and mobility, we've misplaced the sacredness of place.The act of staying and living in our place has an impact on us practically, of course, but also on us theologically. It's not always sexy to stay put, is it? In most of my church tradition, no one ever mentioned the holy work of staying.
Science has given us the truth but taken away our tranquillity.
At the same time that we see a massive deployment of wireless radiation, we see the most violent attacks on modern society.
Modern governments have the pernicious problem of trying to reward too many corporate donors.
Walking around in very high powered electromagnetic fields produced by cell phone towers and satellites is probably the most unnatural thing that the modern human engages in.
Time's up for modern society.
Besides, it is only the modern that ever becomes old-fashioned.
Naturopathic medicine is the biggest threat to modern corporate healthcare.
It is not surprising that two of the most notorious modern mass murderers in the USA and Europe were both high altitude pilots.
There was an off-planet directory next to an old rotary phone that looked lost, as if it had wandered in the room and was actually looking for a more modern facility.
The Nazi's were the era of crimes against the Jews and modern corporate governments are the era of silent crimes against humanity.
Daily abnormal environmental radiation exposures are the hallmark of the modern human.
Civilization’ is just a word! There is a touch of indirect ‘racism’ in it. It unjustly means that the primitive people were ‘uncivilized’, ‘bad’, ‘brutal’, ‘barbaric’ etc. Being primitive was as civilized as being modern is! The ancient ‘time’ was THE civilization-moment for the people then as the present time is for us now! As we should not hate other cultures, similarly we should not hate the ancient civilization. Most importantly, we would never exist if those so-called primitive people were not here on earth!
Modern corporate governments have silently declared war on their mass populations biology.
Growing up in the digital age, I'm expected to embrace all forms of modern technology with blissful ignorance. Books were always one of few escapes from this, because reading a book means not having to look at another damned glowing screen - which is why, no matter how "convenient" or "enhanced" digital enthusiasts claim that Ebooks are, I'll never see them as real books. They're just files of binary data, and while they might be considered books by a large amount of people, Ebooks have lost the human quality that real books have. You can argue that this is pretentious or stupid or nostalgic, but ultimately what will you pass down to your children and grandchildren? A broken old Kindle device with the same files that millions of other people have, or the dog-eared paperbacks that you fell in love with and wrote your name in and got signed by the author and flipped through in the bookstore and kept with you for years, like an old friend?
Smart people avoid living in ‘Smart’ homes.
Modernity is kind of a tradition and tradition itself is not a rulebook. It's a dialogue and a dialectical process— just as tradition affects us, we too affect tradition and culture, and we change it.
The modern world is filled with failed relationships.
When I was a student, there wasn't a single thing we did that was unrelated to others. It was all for the Emperor, or parents, or the country, or society—everything was other-centered, which means that all educated men were hypocrites. When society changed, this hypocrisy ceased to work, and as a result, self-centeredness was gradually imported into thought and action, and egoism became enormously over-developed. Instead of the old hypocrites, now all we've got are out-and-out rogues. Do you see what I mean by that?
Modern human evolution has reached the point of reporting corruption to the corrupt.
Di negara Jancukers. Allahu Akbar nilainya tinggi, yaitu untuk mengusir penjajah Belanda dulu dan untuk mengusir Jepang. Tidak seperti di negara tetangga, Allahu Akbar dipakai untuk melawan orang makan di warung Tegal.
There are many places you need to be, but there is nowhere to reach. There are many people you need to see but no one to meet. And there are many contacts in your phone but no one to talk. There are many masks in your closet but no face to please.
I thought of the fate of Descartes’ famous formulation: man as ‘master and proprietor of nature.’ Having brought off miracles in science and technology, this ‘master and proprietor’ is suddenly realizing that he owns nothing and is master neither of nature (it is vanishing, little by little, from the planet), nor of History (it has escaped him), nor of himself (he is led by the irrational forces of his soul). But if God is gone and man is no longer master, then who is master? The planet is moving through the void without any master. There it is, the unbearable lightness of being.
The information age is converting a human from loving to logical and replacing his peace with the pain.
Modernity invented the future, but that’s all over. In the current version ‘progressive history’ camouflages phylogenetic death-drive tactics, Kali-wave: logistically accelerating condensation of virtual species extinction. Welcome to the matricide laboratory. You want it so badly it’s a slow scream in your head, deleting itself into bliss.
Hirota feels strongly drawn toward nature and the natural, is hyper-sensitive to the artificial—particularly that most cramped and constraining man-made creation, society—and does his best to avoid it.
I love old things. Modern things are so cold. I need things that have lived.
The modern human has mastered the art of building toxic homes and cities.
A modern woman sees a piece of linen, but the mediaeval woman saw through it to the flax fields, she smelt the reek of the retting ponds, she felt the hard rasp of the hackling, and she saw the soft sheen of the glossy flax. Man did not see 'just leather', he saw the beast - perhaps one of his own - and knew the effort of slaughtering, liming and curing.Communities were smaller and whether our man lived on the outskirts of some feudal system, had escaped from it, or was entirely isolated, he would work alone, or daily with the same fellow-workers - conversation would soon languish.But THINK he must.
When James Wan is out there the horror is real, no doubt about that Check out for own proof if you have guts Sinister 1,2... Insidious 1,2...
Contemporary architects tend to impose modernity on something. There is a certain concern for history but it’s not very deep. I understand that time has changed, we have evolved. But I don’t want to forget the beginning. A lasting architecture has to have roots.
I have every expectation that if switched mode power supplies, radioactive household smoke detectors, radio frequency (RF) transmitters and satellites were banned, Autism would recede into a very rare disease.
On the whole the modern world has been conditioned to have a chip on its shoulder against devoutly religious people. I disagree with this in some instances - particularly in, believe it or not, matters of integrity. Deep down I often rather believe the man who honestly thinks - or better yet even, prefers - that he has an omnipotent Judge breathing down his neck, holding his every word and his every move accountable, than the man who much like his modern peers, and ironically enough, claims or wishes to bask in complete independence. As it appears actually, the former is more free of guilt than the latter.
People feeling the need to live inside of Faraday cages is a sad reflection on modern society that humans are devolving into living inside of safe spaces.
As a sea level adapted human, I am more fearful about the radiation levels on top of high altitude mountains, mile high modern cities and inside jet aircraft than from nuclear reactors and bombs, as that is where I get the most radiation exposures in the modern world.
I call modern large screen televisions “Insomnia TV’s” because they are known to disrupt sleep.
Enjoy without injury, live without loss.
In the presence of Esch, values have hidden their faces. Order, loyalty, sacrifice—he cherishes all these words, but exactly what do they represent? Sacrifice for what? Demand what sort of order? He doesn't know.If a value has lost its concrete content, what is left of it? A mere empty form; an imperative that goes unheeded and, all the more furious, demands to be heard and obeyed. The less Esch knows what he wants, the more furiously he wants it. Esch: the fanaticism of the era with no God. Because all values have hidden their faces, anything can be considered a value. Justice, order—Esch seeks them now in the trade union struggle, then in religion; today in police power, tomorrow in the mirage of America, where he dreams of emigrating. He could be a terrorist or a repentant terrorist turning in his comrades, or a party militant or a cult member a kamikaze prepared to sacrifice his life. All the passions rampaging through the bloody history of our time are taken up, unmasked, and terrifyingly displayed in Esch's modest adventure.
Bir ülkede modern değerler ve modern insanlar saldırı altındaysa, o ülkede karanlık bir gelecekten emin olabiliriz!
We strolled to the end of the platform. We came to a man with a signal lamp and I saw that as he passed us he looked at a conductor standing on another platform and made a drinking movement with his hand near his mouth. We stopped past the end of the roof and looked at the sun. "You see the sun, Koekebakker?" The sun was especially clear, right in front of us, close by, bigger and redder than I had ever seen it. It almost touched the rails, it didn't flash brightly on things anymore, there was a dull glow only on the frosted windowpanes of the train shed to the right of the track. "You think I'm drunk?" I did indeed. "It doesn't matter, Koekebakker, when I'm sober I don't understand anything anyway.""Do you understand what the sun wants from me? I have thirty-four setting suns leaning against the wall, one on top of the other, all facing the wall. But every evening it's there again.""Unless it's cloudy," I said. But he wouldn't let himself be distracted."Koekebakker, you've always been my best friend. I've known you since--how long has it been?""Thirteen years. That's a long time. You know what you need to do? Do me a favor. You have a hatbox?"I didn't say anything."Put it in a hatbox, Koekebakker. In a hatbox. I want to be left alone. Put it in a hatbox, a plain old hatbox. That's all it's worth."Bavinck blubbered drunkard's tears. I looked around helplessly. A man in a uniform with a yellow stripe on his cap came up to us and spoke to me."I think it would be better, sir, if you took the gentleman home.
The top easily preventable health problems that I see in western societies are: 1. Eating chemically grown food. 2. Exposure to electronically generated harmonic energy from wind and solar power systems. 3. Exposure to harmonic energy from switched mode power supplies (SMPS) that come with modern electronic products. 4. Exposure to wireless radio frequency radiation (RF). 5. Light deficiency from an indoor lifestyle and Low-E double glazed windows. 6. Sound deficiency from heavily insulated homes that are devoid of natural sounds and are extremely quiet. 7. Pollen deficiency from living in man-made cities that are devoid of natural levels of pollen. 8. Natural radiation deficiency from living in homes that block natural levels of environmental radiation. 9. Open drain sickness that occurs when drain traps dry out and faulty vent valves that allow sewer gas to fill the home. 10. Drinking the wrong type of water.
What if Theater was the Pong of the the digital Ping?A place where the live experience has an function?
The modern human lives in a cesspool of man-made electromagnetic radiation.
Modern architecture predominately specializes in designing what are essentially dimly lit caves.
Science is theology for an atheist
We have to believe in us. We're the miracle of modern and changing times. Share your talents and gift, inspire others and be inspired
The human has no genetic adaptation to modern industrialized products and needs to be careful with prolonged exposure to these for good health.
Those who like to interpret historical facts symbolically may recognize in this the spirit of a specifically "modern" conception of the world which permits the subject to assert itself against the object as something independent and equal; whereas classical antiquity did not as yet permit the explicit formulation of this contrast; and whereas the Middle Ages believed the subject as well as the object to be submerged in a higher unity.
[Technology] has taught us how to become gods before we have learned to be men.
Flying in a modern jet airplane doses the human with levels of radiation comparable to those found in nuclear disaster zones.
Understanding why so many western women are giving birth to unnaturally large babies that either damage the birth canal or will not fit down it is one of the greatest challenges to modern medicine.
What i like about photographs is that they capture a moment that’s gone forever, impossible to reproduce.
Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.
I heard you were a player , okay , lets play a game.We'll flirt, play fights, talk 24/7, say goodmorning and goodnight every day, give each other nicknames, hang out, talk on the phone for hours, take cute pictures together, make promises to each other and hold each other.And whoever falls in love first, loses.
There are two people in every photograph: the photographer and the viewer
People spot a big black lens, and they worry about what they're doing, or how their hair looks. Nobody see the person holding the camera.
He wanted to live life in such a way that if a photograph were taken at random, it would be a cool photograph. Things should look right. Fun; there should be a lot of fun and no more sadness than absolutely necessary.
[Adam picks up the camera] "I have to get a shot of this."The reaction in the room was swift, and unanimous: every single person except me raised their hands at once to cover their faces. The accompanying utterances, though, were varied. I heard everything from "Please no" (Maggie), to "Jesus Christ" (Wallace), to "Stop it or die" (I'm assuming it's obvious).
Nobody has ever taken a photograph of something they want to forget. We can build a wall of happy Kodak moments around ourselves, a wall of our Christmases, birthdays, baby showers and weddings, but we can never forget that celluloid film is see-through, that behind it, all the misery of real life waits for our wall to collapse someday.
Photographier : c'est mettre sur la même ligne de mire la tête, l'oeil et le coeur.
Yeah, you’re right about having entire rooms full of film and photos… in that Sydney Mines house I have a darkroom, I have boxes of film and home movie footage… I have a few projectors, I have piles of Kodachrome slides… I like photographs. The world is always running away from society and the only way to keep the stuff that’s happened in the past is by taking photographs, I can keep memories of things alive with photographs,” Alecto responded. “People say that a time machine can’t be invented, but they’ve already invented a device that can stop time, cameras are the world’s first time machines… The steel mill, the coal mines, the train tracks, the smog in the sky, I’ve been able to rescue it on super-8 and Kodachrome, and no one can remediate those photographs, I can keep them as long as I want to.
Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow.
[He] didn’t like to think of himself as vain, but there were definitely times when he wished there was someone on hand to take his photograph.
All the technique in the world doesn't compensate for the inability to notice
A professional headshot in front of a bookshelf says you're an intellectual. A professional headshot peeking though a bookshelf says you're probably under a restraining order.
You'll be found, your nickels, dimes and Indian-heads fused by electroplating. Abe Lincolns melted into Miss Columbias, eagles plucked raw on the backs of quarters, all run to quicksilver in your jeans. More! Any boy hit by lightning, lift his lid and there on his eyeball, pretty as the Lord's Prayer on a pin, find the last scene the boy ever saw! A box-Brownie photo, by God, of that fire climbing down the sky to blow you like a penny whistle, suck your soul back up along the bright stair!
Discomfort it temporary. A photo is forever.
Anyone can smile for a photo, but who is still smiling after the selfie?
The sight of this woman infringing on the privacy of others so aggressively and casually sent revulsion through my entire being. What was she doing? Hunting big game? Were the people in this small village home just a quarry to be stalked, a trophy later to be mounted on the wall? It was one of those moments when I felt ashamed to be linked with this thing we call photography. We photographers “shoot” and “capture”. We may insist that we “make” a photograph, but everyone knows we really take them.
I stare mesmerized at the photothat you have sent, pushing your child on the swing...a precious moment capturedand I am remindedof the distance separating usand how it seems like yesterdaywhen I was swinging you, dear son
Sometimes I'm the mint in your mojitoThe beef in you burritoThe cheese in your cheetoThe tortilla in your taquitoOr just the quote accompanying your photo
and all I could think was that I should have been the one with the camera, because the two of you were such a funny picture. Instead, we have this blurry, happy shot, which must mean something to you if you carry it around like this, folded to fit.
Photography is where the past meets the present.
This book does not try to “document” any particular aspect of Indian life. To me, doing such a thing would seem a pretentious and pseudo-scientific undertaking, especially for someone from the West. The photographs also make no intentional social or political statement. I never say, when discussing my work, that I am “concerned” with anything (another favorite word tossed about, all too much, by young and socially conscious post-modernists).
If a photographer cares about the people before the lens and is compassionate, much is given. It is the photographer, not the camera, that is the instrument.
We photographers are a despicable bunch. We take photographs. The best of us do not show people as they wish to be seen, instead, we show people as we imagine they really are.
A picture is a picture, it doesn't matter what camera you use!
I have learned that the camera is, as is often said, a powerful weapon. And the wielder of that weapon can be perceived as dominating and threatening, even if that is not his or her intent.
ek tasveer banaai hai khayalon ne abhiaur tasveer se ik shakhs nikal aaya hai
When the food's this good, you just want to take a picture.
A silver hairbrush, old and surely precious, with a little leopard's head for London stamped near the bristles. A white dress, small and pretty, the sort of old-fashioned dress Cassandra had never seen, let alone owned- the girls at school would laugh if she wore such a thing. A bundle of papers tied together with a pale blue ribbon. Cassandra let the bow slip loose between her fingertips and brushed the ends aside to see what lay beneath.A picture, a black-and-white sketch. The most beautiful woman Cassandra had ever seen, standing beneath a garden arch. No, not an arch, a leafy doorway, the entrance to a tunnel of trees. A maze, she thought suddenly. The strange word came into her mind fully formed. Scores of little black lines combined like magic to form the picture, and Cassandra wondered what it would feel like to create such a thing. The image was oddly familiar and at first she couldn't think how that could be. Then she realized- the woman looked like someone from a children's book. Like an illustration from an olden-days fairy tale, the maiden who turns into a princess when the handsome prince sees beyond her ratty clothing.
I felt after I finished Slaughterhouse-Five that I didn’t have to write at all anymore if I didn’t want to. It was the end of some sort of career. I don’t know why, exactly. I suppose that flowers, when they’re through blooming, have some sort of awareness of some purpose having been served. Flowers didn’t ask to be flowers and I didn’t ask to be me. At the end of Slaughterhouse-Five…I had a shutting-off feeling…that I had done what I was supposed to do and everything was OK .
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: 'Now, it's complete because it's ended here.'- from "Collected Sayings of Maud'Dib'' by the Princess Irulan
There's no such thing as complete when it comes to stories. Stories are infinite. They are as infinite as worlds.
And I realized that some things just don't work that way. Life isn't a fairy tail. And the person you fall in love with doesn't always love you back. But that's ok, because at the very least it makes you stronger. And brings you to a place where you can fall in love with yourself. And that to me is more important than finding someone that only makes you complete when they are around, It's really about Finding the person that will teach you ALL the lessons you need to know ...so that you feel complete all by yourself. 
she slammed the door andwas gone.I looked at the closed doorand at the doorknoband strangelyI didn't feelalone.
she was completely wholeand yet never fully complete
How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses
Before committing to a task, it’s sensible to have a clear idea of our competence.
Carvism is the art of chipping away unnecessary things, and keeping only those things that complete you, that add value to your self.
Put your heart and soul into whatever you do – but you won’t be able to do so until you have complete faith in whatever you are doing.
We were one thing. A whole thing. You and I and Nighteyes. I felt a strange sort of peace. As if all the parts of me were finally in one place. All the missing bits that would make me a complete... thing.' I shook my head. 'Words don't read that far.
The last rule was to make enumerations so complete, and reviews so comprehensive, that I should be certain of omitting nothing.
If and when all the laws governing physical phenomena are finally discovered, and all the empirical constants occurring in these laws are finally expressed through the four independent basic constants, we will be able to say that physical science has reached its end, that no excitement is left in further explorations, and that all that remains to a physicist is either tedious work on minor details or the self-educational study and adoration of the magnificence of the completed system. At that stage physical science will enter from the epoch of Columbus and Magellan into the epoch of the National Geographic Magazine!
You were saved not by work, but for work. Do it till all is done. By your Inventions, Innovations, Initiatives, Improvements, Involvements, Imaginations, Information, Interventions and Inspirations... Go the extra mile and dare to do it.
The goal is nothing other than the coherence and completeness of the system not only in respect of all details, but also in respect of all physicists of all places, all times, all peoples, and all cultures.
If you can make yourself complete, you will be in a better position to offer the world what you are capable of
Only when we have carved you into pieces can you be whole again.
Relations were never good (how comfortable can you really be with a race that sees you as a nutritious part of a complete breakfast).
I prefer to live 40 years of quality life than 80 years of adrenaline. My time of procrastination fits in my 40 years of quality, because I never had to complete a task in my life.
Maybe you don't need to be a complete person, or maybe you do. But maybe, he's it. Maybe he's the other half of you.
We must unite the energies within to have a (w)holistic relationship with ourselves which gives us the capability to have a complete relationship with others.
Never settle for anything less than what you deserve. A pure and soulful love completes you!
If you wish to be happy, you have to develop the right vision to discover the positivity in the world through your own efforts. Only then can you create an accurate picture of the world in your mind and know the complete truth.
Once you glimpsed the truth about yourself, your understanding was complete and you could finally be at piece.
I am totally crazy and I am totally okay with that.
Each and every one of us is absolutely complete. We all contain both masculine and feminine polarities. No-thing can exist incomplete. You can only love another appropriately when you understand your own completeness.
In some areas the corporate controlled government does a good job and in others it is completely corrupt.
A myth that we desperately want to believe in is that someone can complete our incompleteness. Nobody can complete us. We are complete in ourselves.
Just commit to the assignment you can complete, or else you'll treat everything as a relationship.
...unforgivingly, and forcefully magnificent...
A house is never small or empty, when filled with love.
When he looks at me, the way he looks at me... He does not know, what I lack... Or - how - I am incomplete. He sees me, for what I - am, as I am. He's happy - to see me. Every time. Every day.
If I can stay alive long enough to see the demolition of the biologically toxic Mauna Kea Observatories (MKO), then I will consider my life to be complete.
I write because the security of your love allows me to develop my craft without concerning myself with trivialities — as if your love could be any more complete. But I write, in the first place,because of you, my muse. I write for your green eyes to glance at my humble words and for the pleasure of hearing you utter them.
We should tell ourselves, once and for all, that it is the first duty of the soul to become as happy, complete, independent, and great as lies in its power. Herein is no egoism, or pride. To become effectually generous and sincerely humble there must be within us a confident, tranquil, and clear comprehension of all that we owe to ourselves.
Love is the name of an irrepressible moment formed inside one complete pulsation of a heart
Black and white, severally incomplete and at the same time completely several.
The depths of her thoughts will have you never wanting to surface for air...
When the thin line between love and hatred faded away completely, madness sprang back to life inside the numb hearts.
Noone can complete us,except ourselves.
All this time, William doesn’t move from my side, his hand surely and confidently glued to my waist like it belongs there, one piece of a puzzle that matches the other, making the picture complete.
At a night like this, where it's just me and the yellow moon,I feel complete.
Whatever we have in the glory of man is "away". Those are just not enough before we go "home" to the glory of God.
I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more. Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.
We ought to, as human beings, have the courage to seek a collective “truth” that benefits our species the most, and to accept that all of our doctrines and beliefs may just be incomplete. That we don’t know it all and that perhaps we never will. That others like us may have something to teach us, and we may have something to contribute to their communities. That communities, types of people, are divisions we’ve created for ourselves. That for all of what we know, the knowledge and wisdom that we have gathered in the few millennia may be a small fraction of what is there to be discovered, understood and applied.
His face was so ravaged, it was like looking at death itself. Except for the smooth, silvered part of it. By creeping degrees, his human hand lifted. He turned it over, showing a bloody palm. His cracked lips moved. 'Beloved.'He could not say the word, but I knew it. So did his Fool.
She's my pride, my winning prize, always a surprise, to look into her eyes, see her free soul, as soap that slips from the grip of control; a stroll through the park on a dark night with stars to spark the sky, heaven with no price tag I realize, love is the same: endless, priceless, full bliss; to have this princess I pinch myself thinking this is a dream, but to my reprise, I can only say I am now, at last, alive.
What is samkit (enlightened view; right belief)? One has to realize the complete authoritative power, and accept everyone’s worldly authority. People abuse their acquired authority and consequently loose their right for human birth (manushyapanu). Accept whatever authority one has.
Experiencing a sense of presence and belonging is challenging when we're stressed or distracted. Hygge isn't the complete absence of the usual demands of a fully engaged human life, but it is facilitated by a willingness to put down our problems and abandon our cares for a while.
What matter most is to complete the journey.
A healthy relationship isn't about completing each other. You are already complete. It is about encouraging each other to show up as your best self.
Before yesterday, I was lost, a confused, wandering girl in a world where I didn’t belong. Only now do I feel whole . . . different . . . complete. Set to a task that is wholly my own.
Why start something that you won’t see to the end? You need to finish what you start!
Many people who have money does not realize that God has blessed them with it for a completely different purpose
Sincerity’ and ‘morality’, if you completely (from all angles) learn these two words then everything is completed!
That part of your life is over. Set it aside as something you have finished. Complete or no, it is done with you. No being gets to decide what his life is "supposed to be"...'Be a man. Discover where you are now, and go on from there, making the best of things. Accept your life, and you might survive it. If you hold back from it, insisting this is not your life, not where you are meant to be, life will pass you by. You may not die from such foolishness, but you might as well be dead for all the good your life will do you or anyone else.
God has called some people to join together in order to complete some task
God gave you another chance to live, because He knows your assignment on earth is not yet complete.
Somethings worth having defy logic. They come with obstacles, challenges, battles and long periods of wandering in the dark. Your path won't make sense to your family or friends. People will weigh in with their life rules and fears, but in the end it is your life. That pull you feel is real and often your intuition. It nags at you everyday. Follow it for as far as it takes you because life is too short to dwell on indecision, while you forget to live. Take a chance because if you have a good heart God isn't going to abandon you. He will travel wherever you need to go, in order to find the missing pieces of your soul.
You must sit down and do a complete analysis of your dreams in order to achieve them
Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.
When you can't escape your mind then God is telling your heart to catch up. Fight for the balance you need.
The fact that we can never have complete, perfect knowledge does not absolve us of the moral duty to judge and to take a stand against evil.
Now I am free,the lord of evermore hopes,amid kingdoms litby azure fires, absolutein self-remembered fortune
Work on making yourself a complete being. Though you were born with the physical traits of one sex, you possess the characteristics of both - including those of plants and animals. You were created as a nearly complete universal being, but with flaws. True perfection can only be achieved when one recognizes that they need to combine their oneness with others and nature. Only then is one considered complete.
I'll make a book on learning how to be a complete moron someday, and I'm sure no one will buy it, because everyone will have mastered that already by the time I gather enough moronism to process it into digestible upgrade instructions for your average village cyborg-idiot.
...I fell asleep and had a dream that a king was liquidated by a group of kind faces...
After a decade of largely useless doctors visits, I had come to the conclusion that there was a complete absence of specialists in High Altitude Disease (HAD).
In every aspect of life, be true to who you are. There is no need to communicate subliminally. If you believe in your words or actions, then express yourself completely. Live, Laugh, &amp; Love without regrets.
I graba small containerof glitter.Because this day,this wonderful,beautiful,glorious dayjust wouldn't be completewithout a little,or a lot, ofg i t r l t e
I graba small containerof glitter.Because this day,this wonderful,beautiful,glorious dayjust wouldn't be completewithout a little,or a lot, ofglitter
When we stop looking for someone to complete us, we find completion in ourselves.
Don't do something for recognition. Do it out of kindness ..because out of giving, it will make you whole and complete.
Don’t just be alive; once you have arrived, find the reason why and make that reason accomplished.
Freedom is being whole on my own and not needing somebody else to complete me.
Acknowledge your inner child. Even though we have found the light in ourselves today, we sometimes forget to heal old wounds of our past. Your inner child still needs to be loved in order to heal the complete self.
...I fell asleep and had a dream that a king was liquidated by a group of kind faces....
When you complete yourself is when you can complete someone else.
No one can destroy the love God has for you. When you abide in truth, you also abide in love. And truth is evidence of love. Nothing can destroy the power of trusting and loving unconditionally.
Fantasy like thought that no man could rainJust let her reignRun wild with her unafraidOf any rain stormsThey only wash the mud away and make wayFor double rainbows and sunny days
The Mission is completed...this is why you die!
Complete people gaze into the blue sky above, plunge into the center of the earth below, and run freely in the eight directions without even a change of mood.
I'm delighted to tell you that Jesus Christ offers complete and total forgiveness to anyone who will repent and believe on His name. ...There are no sins that He cannot cleanse, and He's promised that they will be gone forever.
When love and duty are one then grace is within your soul.
When we all play our part the world will run as designed. Do your part and do it now!
In old days, instead of asking a teacher, people looked at the dictionary to know the complete definition of teacher. Now Google becomes our teacher and to know about Google, people Google it.
I don’t want content. I want slight fear. Anxiety. I want a longing devotion for a twist of absence. The feeling of complete isn’t quite pleasing.
I worked with him in a way where there was no need to align. We felt and the feeling was simple but complex. It was the intensity in our grasp and when it was done, it was done.
I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more . Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.-Akshay Vasu
I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more . Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allowanyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
...But the Mahommedan religion increases, instead of lessening, the fury of intolerance. It was originally propagated by the sword, and ever since, its votaries have been subject, above the people of all other creeds, to this form of madness. In a moment the fruits of patient toil, the prospects of material prosperity, the fear of death itself, are flung aside. The more emotional Pathans are powerless to resist. All rational considerations are forgotten. Seizing their weapons, they become Ghazis—as dangerous and as sensible as mad dogs: fit only to be treated as such. While the more generous spirits among the tribesmen become convulsed in an ecstasy of religious bloodthirstiness, poorer and more material souls derive additional impulses from the influence of others, the hopes of plunder and the joy of fighting. Thus whole nations are roused to arms. Thus the Turks repel their enemies, the Arabs of the Soudan break the British squares, and the rising on the Indian frontier spreads far and wide. In each case civilisation is confronted with militant Mahommedanism. The forces of progress clash with those of reaction. The religion of blood and war is face to face with that of peace.
Then, slowly, like the sunrise peeking over the horizon, she smiled.She snapped the box closed.She didn’t scream. She didn’t run. She didn’t faint.There might have been a little crying.But mostly… she danced.
There were people who believed their opportunities to live a fulfilled life were hampered by the number of Asians in England, by the existance of a royal family, by the volume of traffic that passed by their house, by the malice of trade unions, by the power of callous employers, by the refusal of the health service to take their condition seriously, by communism, by capitalism, by atheism, by anything, in fact, but their own futile, weak-minded failure to get a fucking grip.
But, of course, you might be asking yourself, 'Am I a feminist? I might not be. I don't know! I still don't know what it is! I'm too knackered and confused to work it out. That curtain pole really still isn't up! I don't have time to work out if I am a women's libber! There seems to be a lot to it. WHAT DOES IT MEAN?'I understand. So here is the quick way of working out if you're a feminist. Put your hand in your pants.a) Do you have a vagina? andb) Do you want to be in charge of it?If you said 'yes' to both, then congratulations! You're a feminist.
Yer a good lad, Atticus, mowin’ me lawn and killin’ what Brits come around.
The most dangerous people in the world are not the tiny minority instigating evil acts, but those who do the acts for them. For example, when the British invaded India, many Indians accepted to work for the British to kill off Indians who resisted their occupation. So in other words, many Indians were hired to kill other Indians on behalf of the enemy for a paycheck. Today, we have mercenaries in Africa, corporate armies from the western world, and unemployed men throughout the Middle East killing their own people - and people of other nations - for a paycheck. To act without a conscience, but for a paycheck, makes anyone a dangerous animal. The devil would be powerless if he couldn't entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between brothers.
Fo' shiz.
If they wanted their shit stirred, then stirred their shit was jolly well going to be.
If you happen to pass by 84 Charing Cross Road, kiss it for me? I owe it so much.
1. You left a multipack of Mars Bars on top of your wardrobe. Can I have one? Dad x2. I had three. Hope that's OK. Dad x3. I'm just going to have one more. Dad x4. Harriet, your Dad's made himself sick on an entire multipack of Mars Bars again. Please don't leave sweets where we can find them. A x
The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.
We always know when we are awake that we cannot be dreaming even though when actually dreaming we feel all this may be real.
It is sometimes said that butlers only truly exist in England. Other countries, whatever title is actually used, have only manservants. I tend to believe this is true. Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of. Continentals - and by and large the Celts, as you will no doubt agree - are as a rule unable to control themselves in moments of a strong emotion, and are thus unable to maintain a professional demeanour other than in the least challenging of situations. If I may return to my earlier metaphor - you will excuse my putting it so coarsely - they are like a man who will, at the slightest provocation, tear off his suit and his shirt and run about screaming. In a word, "dignity" is beyond such persons. We English have an important advantage over foreigners in this respect and it is for this reason that when you think of a great butler, he is bound, almost by definition, to be an Englishman.
My mind may be American but my heart is British.
The British are the only people in history crass enough to have made revolutionaries out of Americans.
The British nation is unique in this respect: they are the only people who like to be told how bad things are, who like to be told the worst.
I was tempted to tell her it was because we were British and actually had a sense of humour, but I try not to be cruel to foreigners, especially when they're that strung out.
As I railed on and on, I became increasingly energied and excited by my own misery and misanthropy until I reached a kind of orgasm of negativity.'... The Brits don't merely enjoy misery, they get off on it.
Bicky rocked, like a jelly in a high wind.
The Americans, who are the most efficient people on the earth, have carried [phrase-making] to such a height of perfection and have invented so wide a range of pithy and hackneyed phrases that they can carry on an amusing and animated conversation without giving a moment’s reflection to what they are saying and so leave their minds free to consider the more important matters of big business and fornication.
Man is a bad animal....
Yes here's to the founding fathers—slave-owners, British citizens who didn't want to pay taxes...
some trillions of years ago a sloppy, dirty giant flicked grease from his fingers. One of those gobs of grease is our universe on its way to the floor. Splat!
He had found a Nutri-Matic machine which had provided him with a plastic cup filled with a liquid that was almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea. The way it functioned was very interesting. When the Drink button was pressed it made an instant but highly detailed examination of the subject’s taste buds, a spectroscopic analysis of the subject’s metabolism and then sent tiny experimental signals down the neural pathways to the taste centers of the subject’s brain to see what was likely to go down well. However, no one knew quite why it did this because it invariable delivered a cupful of liquid that was almost, but not quite, entirely unlike tea. The Nutri-Matic was designed and manufactured by the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation whose complaint department now covers all the major landmasses of the first three planets in the Sirius Tau Star system.
I can smell the smoke now. I can see tendrils of it comin' up between the cracks in the shrikin' floorboards. There she is, calmly taking down the framed examples of fine embroideries, samplers, and needlework from teh hallway wall and tucking them under her arm. "Mistress! Come on! You've got to leave!"She calmly turns and faces me. "Why?" she asks. "The British are coming?""Only one, Mistress," I say
Some people just don’t find their Prince Charming straight away, they have to search for him.
Statistics show that the nature of English crime is reverting to its oldest habits. In a country where so many desire status and wealth, petty annoyances can spark disproportionately violent behaviour. We become frustrated because we feel powerless, invisible, unheard. We crave celebrity, but that’s not easy to come by, so we settle for notoriety. Envy and bitterness drive a new breed of lawbreakers, replacing the old motives of poverty and the need for escape. But how do you solve crimes which no longer have traditional motives?
The British are coming.
The Times is a paper which is seldom found in any hands but those of the highly educated.
This week, Zuma was quoted as saying, 'When the British came to our country, they said everything we are doing was barbaric, was wrong, inferior in whatever way.' But the serious critique of Zuma is not about who is a barbarian and who is civilised. It is about good governance, and this is a universal value, as relevant to an African village as it is to Westminster. If you are unable to keep your appetites in check, you are inevitably going to live beyond your means. And this means you are going to become vulnerable to patronage and even corruption. That is why Jacob Zuma's 'polygamy' is his achilles heel.
Amazing what the British do with language; the nuances of politeness. The world's great diplomats, surely.
Agatha Christie n. A silent, putrid fart committed by someone in this very room, and only one person knows whodunnit.
The mice were furious."[...]"Oh yes," said the old man mildly."Yes well so I expect were the dogs and cats and duckbilled platypuses, but...""Ah, but they hadn't paid for it you see, had they?""Look," said Arthur, "would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?"[...]"Earthman, the planet you lived on was commissioned, paid for, and run by mice. It was destroyed five minutes before the completion of the purpose for which it was built, and we've got to build another one."Only one word registered with Arthur."Mice?" he said."Indeed Earthman.""Look, sorry - are we talking about the little white furry things with the cheese fixation and women standing on tables screaming in early sixties sit coms?"Slartibartfast coughed politely."[...] These creatures you call mice, you see, they are not quite as they appear. They are merely the protrusion into our dimension of vast hyperintelligent pandimensional beings. The whole business with the cheese and the squeaking is just a front."The old man paused, and with a sympathetic frown continued."They've been experimenting on you, I'm afraid.
Henry Denton: You Brits really don't have a sense of humor do you?Elsie: We do if something's funny, sir.
Q. Why don't the British panic?A. They do, but very quietly. It is impossible for the naked eye to tell their panic from their ecstasy.
Guilt and misery shrink, by a natural instinct, from public notice: they court privacy and solitude: and even in their choice of a grave will sometimes sequester themselves from the general population of the churchyard, as if declining to claim fellowship with the great family of man; thus, in a symbolic language universally understood, seeking (in the affecting language of Mr. Wordsworth)’ Humbly to expressA penitential loneliness.
I once heard someone say morality was method. Do you hold with that? I suppose you wouldn't. You would say that morality was vested in the aim, I expect. Difficult to know what one's aims are, that's the trouble, specially if you're British.
The advantages of a hereditary Monarchy are self-evident. Without some such method of prescriptive, immediate and automatic succession, an interregnum intervenes, rival claimants arise, continuity is interrupted and the magic lost. Even when Parliament had secured control of taxation and therefore of government; even when the menace of dynastic conflicts had receded in to the coloured past; even when kingship had ceased to be transcendental and had become one of many alternative institutional forms; the principle of hereditary Monarchy continued to furnish the State with certain specific and inimitable advantages.Apart from the imponderable, but deeply important, sentiments and affections which congregate around an ancient and legitimate Royal Family, a hereditary Monarch acquires sovereignty by processes which are wholly different from those by which a dictator seizes, or a President is granted, the headship of the State. The King personifies both the past history and the present identity of the Nation as a whole. Consecrated as he is to the service of his peoples, he possesses a religious sanction and is regarded as someone set apart from ordinary mortals. In an epoch of change, he remains the symbol of continuity; in a phase of disintegration, the element of cohesion; in times of mutability, the emblem of permanence. Governments come and go, politicians rise and fall: the Crown is always there. A legitimate Monarch moreover has no need to justify his existence, since he is there by natural right. He is not impelled as usurpers and dictators are impelled, either to mesmerise his people by a succession of dramatic triumphs, or to secure their acquiescence by internal terrorism or by the invention of external dangers. The appeal of hereditary Monarchy is to stability rather than to change, to continuity rather than to experiment, to custom rather than to novelty, to safety rather than to adventure.The Monarch, above all, is neutral. Whatever may be his personal prejudices or affections, he is bound to remain detached from all political parties and to preserve in his own person the equilibrium of the realm. An elected President – whether, as under some constitutions, he be no more than a representative functionary, or whether, as under other constitutions, he be the chief executive – can never inspire the same sense of absolute neutrality. However impartial he may strive to become, he must always remain the prisoner of his own partisan past; he is accompanied by friends and supporters whom he may seek to reward, or faced by former antagonists who will regard him with distrust. He cannot, to an equal extent, serve as the fly-wheel of the State.
... instead of trying to grapple with the implications of the story of empire, the British seem to have decided just to ignore it... the most corrosive part of this amnesia is a sense that because the nation is not what it was, it can never be anything again.
[Taken from a BBC documentary]Tariq was born in Lahore, now in Pakistan, then part of British-ruled India, in 1943. A Catholic school education did nothing to shake his life-long atheism, which he shared with his communist parents.
Am I bothered? Am I bothered though. I ain't doing nothing cause I ain't bothered.
I, Rooster John Byron, hereby place a curseUpon the Kennet and Avon Council,May they wander the land for ever,Never sleep twice in the same bed,Never drink water from the same well,And never cross the same river twice in a year.He who steps in my blood, may it stick to themLike hot oil. May it scorch them for life,And may the heat dry up their souls,And may they be filled with the melancholyWine won't shift. And all their newborn babiesBe born mangled, with the same marks,The same wounds of their fathers.Any uniform which brushes a single leaf of this woodIs cursed, and he who wears it this St George's Day,May he not see the next.
True the greater part of the Irish people was close to starvation. The numbers of weakened people dying from disease were rising. So few potatoes had been planted that, even if they escaped bight, they would not be enough to feed the poor folk who relied upon them. More and more of those small tenants and cottagers, besides, were being forced off the land and into a condition of helpless destitution. Ireland, that is to say, was a country utterly prostrated. Yet the Famine came to an end. And how was this wonderful thing accomplished? Why, in the simplest way imaginable. The famine was legislated out of existence. It had to be. The Whigs were facing a General Election.
Then one woman looked directly at her husband. "Is our place gone?" "I'm afraid so, girl," he said. "There isn't much left up there. But we're alive. We're all lucky to be alive. We'd have been dead if we'd stayed up above." "Oh, what a mercy we didn't!" she exclaimed. "How lucky we are!" Incredible though it sounds, within a few moments, a whole lot of people were congratulating each other on their extraordinary good fortune in only having lost all their worldy posessions.
I'm not singing for the future I'm not dreaming of the past I'm not talking of the fist time I never think about the last
Morris Weissman [on the phone, discussing casting for his movie]: "What about Claudette Colbert? She's British, isn't she? She sounds British. Is she, like, affected or is she British?
As a British person living in the USA, I keep a low profile on Independence Day, July 4th.
A five-week sand blizzard?" said Deep Thought haughtily. "You ask this of me who have contemplated the very vectors of the atoms in the Big Bang itself? Molest me not with this pocket calculator stuff.
Sind sie vorbestraft? Du lieber Himmel ich wußte gar nicht, dass das immer noch nötig ist." Britischer Witz über die Einreise nach Australien
Independence Day, July 4th, or as I know it: Out with the redcoats day!
Independence Day, July 4th, or as I know it: The end of tea parties!
Independence Day, July 4th, or as I know it: Out with the British day!
corgi 1. n. A high class hound, such as those that accompany the Queen. 2. n. A high class hound, such as the one that accompanies Prince Charles.
I really knew nothing about the dancing habits of the Scottish. But I wanted to help. "I could teach them Indian folk dances," I offered, scrounging my mind for school dances in gaudy garments."Well, I'm not sure that they would be complex enough for competitions," she said. Pursing her lips, she blushed a dark, deep red. I knew I had said something wrong, but it took me a few days to understand the reason for Miss Manson's disapproval and discomfort. She blushed a beetroot red because I had unwittingly questioned the core belief of the school: British was Better.
The British are the world leading experts in High Altitude Observatory Disease (HAOD).
The British are leading the way in researching High Altitude Observatory Disease (HAOD), as the Americans are making it clear that it is an ‘Inconvenient Truth’.
if a colonizer replaces language, clothes and names of a nation then what remains is a mere shadow of the colonizer.
His face was the sort of British face from which emotion has been so carefully banished that a foreigner is apt to think the wearer of the face incapable of any sort of feeling; the kind of face which, if it has any expression at all, expresses principally the resolution to go through the world decorously, without intruding upon or annoying anyone.
As a measure of our consternation, one or two people nearly put down their cups of tea.
We're a nation of hypocrites pretending to be prudes, that's what we are.
Independence Day, July 4th, or as I know it: The end of the USA cricket league!
The wounds will take decades to heal, centuries to overcome the trauma.
Rook Thomas, you look different somehow.""Well, I recently got the shit kicked out of me," she said."Ah, that would be it then.
Would you let a TV period drama series be filmed at your estate? Dying to know :)
Eyes shining, mouths open, triumphant, they savored the right of domination. They were lifted up: were friends.
One thing that has remained constant, across four centuries, has been the desire for a British person to fill a silence with talk of the weather, and whenever I have lived there I was no exception to this rule.
A personal budget is a manifestation of your decision to grab your finances by the balls
Please go on,” I said in the sympathetic, gruff-hearty tones of an inspector at Scotland Yard—all I needed was long underwear, a tweed suit, a walrus mustache, a British accent, a right-hand drive, socialized medicine, and a disarming manner.
There’s a heat wave comingThe wireless claims, a British summer,Of wants and expectationsThat never seem to materialise.
Kuna tetesi kuwa Julius Nyerere alipewa tuzo ya MBE na malkia wa Uingereza akiwa rais wa Tanzania! Lakini aliikataa! Kwa nini? Kwa sababu angeonekana Mwingereza zaidi kuliko Mtanzania! Januari 26, 1996 akapewa Tuzo ya Kimataifa ya Amani ya Mahatma Gandhi ya mwaka 1995, ya kwanza kabisa, iliyotolewa na Serikali ya India. Lakini hiyo pia akaikataa! Kwa sababu Mahatma Gandhi alimwaga damu katika harakati zake za kuwang'oa wakoloni barani Afrika! Kama ni kweli, hakuna kujitolea kuliko huko.
Did you know the Brits have a dish called “neeps and tatties” and not a single one of the four British people I polled has ever thought to call it “nips and titties”? Seriously, how do you miss an opportunity to call something nips and titties! I don’t care how blue your blood is, no one is so important that a solid dick joke is beneath them. (See how that works, your majesty?)
Americans had endured centuries of patronization by the British. One became inured to it after a while.
If the history of British rule in India were to be condensed into a single fact, it is this: there was no increase in India’s per capita income from 1757 to 1947.
Last night I read about a dish Gemma made for the staff for breakfast, which sounded really good despite its horrible name. Toad-in-the-hole. Seriously, British people, who names your foods? Spotted dick? Bubble and squeak? Bangers and mash? It's off-putting. But the recipe itself, sort of a baked pancake with sausages embedded in it, sounded really good. I have a package of sausages in the fridge, and the rest is just pantry ingredients and eggs, and the most complicated part is searing the sausages.
It almost boosts your self-esteem being screamed at by someone with an English accent.
The others, however, told their anecdotes with no moral comment whatsoever, even though they had to recount some hair-raising events. And not only did they keep completely cool, but they even had that little smile of tolerance, of affection, even enjoyment that Olivia was beginning to know well: like good parents, they all loved India whatever mischief she might be up to.
To catch the bad guys, you've got to think like a bad guy - and that's why all the best detectives have a dark side...
The most dangerous people in the world are not the tiny minority instigating evil acts, but those who do the acts for them – for a paycheck. To act without a conscience, but for a paycheck, makes anyone a dangerous animal. The devil would be powerless if he couldn’t entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between people.
In Wales, they love with abandon. When a Welsh person loves you, you'll finally know your potential.They are different from the Americans, who are precarious with their love. They are different from the English, who are reserved even when you standin front of them, naked, handing them your heart.The English give you their love in cups: here, you’ve been good. drink another glass.But the Welsh, they drown youin an ocean of love.You have their attention, their consideration. You have all of them.They aren’t even careful to keep any for themselves. It seems to methat only the Welsh know how to love,how to make someone feel loved.Because when a Welsh person loves you, you’ll finally know how it feelsto belong to poetry.
Britain: A nation that keeps a stiff upper lip, takes it on the chin without complaining, plays fair at all times and is by and large: “the gentleman of the world.” Anything else old boy, just wouldn’t be cricket …This is the image of itself that Britain likes to promote, at home and abroad. However, the idea that the ‘United Kingdom’ plays fair or by the rules is just as mythical as its status as an imaginary fifth nation that replaced four real sovereign countries. This booklet aims to burst that myth and also aims to provide solid proof that the United Kingdom is anything but ‘united.
So you’re British?’ said Billy.‘I think of myself as English first, British second. It’s a way of keeping the Scots and Welsh at a distance, never mind the Irish.
...There thou mightst behold the great image of authority: a dog’s obey’d in office. - Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand! Why dost though lash that whore? Strip thine own back; Thou hotly lusts to use her in that kind For which thou whipst her. The usurer hangs the cozener.
All we can infer (from the archaeological shards dug up in Berkshire, Devon and Yorkshire) is that the first Britons, whoever they were and however they came, arrived from elsewhere. The land (Britain) was once utterly uninhibited. Then people came.
The British were unhinged by the colonists' unorthodox fighting style and shocking failure to abide by gentlemanly rules of engagement. One scandalized British soldier complained that the American riflemen 'conceal themselves behind trees etc. till an opportunity presents itself of taking a shot at our advance sentries, which done, they immediately retreat. What an unfair method of carrying on a war!
They say watch the breathing, watch the diet and for God’s sake make that kid go quiet. But they never say: “I am wrong and you are right”, because the self –pride they always want to hide! But in time, like the truth it shall come to surface and all those lies, that awful misery they always boast about will be extinct, whilst their conscience filled with guilt.
It sounded like something you Brits would say.""Someday, I'd love to hear what you imagine my people are like.""Stiff. Formal. Everyone's a time traveler, a wizard, or works for MI6." She placed her plate on the table, pretending not to notice the legs wobbling a little at the weight."That's not quite right. Only some of us are wizards. The rest are Muggles.
But Khair did not need such proof of her husband's love for her. Over and over again, James had risked everything for her. Most reationshps in life can survive - or not - without being put to any real crucial, fundamental test. It was James's fate for his love to be tested not once, but four times...At each stage he could easily have washed his hands off his teenage lover. Each time he chose to remain true to her. That, not the words of any will, was the evidence she could cling to.
In India, all along, development as a process was always affected from the top down style of functioning. Naturally, because along with our freedom we had inherited a bureaucracy, which was designed by the British to rule, not to serve. The British way of doing things had always been to get things done through a government department and after independence we Indians merely continued this system.
Cultivate an environment fertile for good habits to flourish
It seems that being a woman is very expensive and time-consuming. My innocence about this is incongruous, given my age, but total. I come from grunge, and then Britpop--scenes where you boast about how little you spend on an outfit ("Three quid! From a jumble sale!" "Ooooh, pricey--I found this jacket in a Dumpster. On a dead man. Under a fox carcass"), and taking pride in "getting ready to go out" consists of little more than washing your face, putting on your Doc Martens/snaeakers, and applying black Barry M nail polish, £1, on the bus into town.
The only thing Americans love more than Walmart and firearms (and buying firearms at Walmart) is accents.
My mouth went dry as I tried to remember all of Poppie’s tips for kissing over the years. She told me no guy wanted a girl with a mouth as wide as a guppy, who sucked his tongue with the force of a Dyson vacuum cleaner first time, or licked him to death like an overeager puppy. She’d told me to just purse my lips and let him lead and take control. Don’t slobber, don’t slobber, don’t slobber, I chanted to myself as he got closer and closer
My mother used euphemisms about everything. She used to announce her visits to the gynaecologist by saying she was seeing someone about her problems with the down belows. Made her sound a bit like a cruise ship that had been beached.
The Indians were inside their bodies, he decided, in a way that the British were not. His own flesh impeded his spirit.
If the history of British rule in India were to be condensed into a single fact, it is this: there was no increase in India’s per capita income from 1757 to 1947.
I can't get it why did I name my book series, I'm talking about "The Life Of One kid". I'm talking about the last word "Kid"?? Aren't your curious I'm with British Accent and putting "Kid" the American word for child the last? I'm also curious I still don't know, I really don't know why. Child sounds like a baby maybe that's all, kid sounds like a child in aobut 7-8 years old!
Scarlett Avery is THE BEST!” —JC
Boasting about modesty is typical of the English.
This has been such a scorching series.” — Jamie Leigh
You know the only rule you need to know to get on in this country? ‘Never complain, never explain.
This book was so hot that I was sure the heat was on in my house.” — Lynne
Не можех да кажа на Лизи за купона в Бъроуленд. Направо никакъв шанс. Щом взех "пенсията", веднага купих билета. Останах без пукната пара. Този ден обаче тя имаше рожден ден. Трябваше да избирам: или билета, или подарък за нея. Никакъв шанс. Ставаше дума за Иги Поп. Мислех, че ще ме разбере. - Значи можеш да си купиш шибан билет за скапания Иги Поп, а не можеш да се прежалиш за подарък!Е това е Лизи с реторичните си въпроси - гадното оръжие на гаджетата и психарите.
According to them, everyone wants to be English. Being English is the best thing in the world. (Far behind, the second best thing is being God himself.)
When she found a place of her ownand packed her bags he asked her to marry him. She kissed him, and quoted in his ear,"He married a woman to stop her getting away, Now she’s there all day.
It is what often happens in the establishment. Inconvenient truths are left buried. If you don't ask too may questions of a gentlemen then you won't be disappointed." "And this is what makes us British?""It is our face to the world," Sidney replied. "Many of us are civilised, charming and perfectly genuine people. Others have developed their reserve into a form of refined deceit. It's why people find the British so intriguing, Georgie. The line between the gentleman and the assassin can be so very thin.
Anyone who has used that comforting phrase 'a nice cup of tea' invariably means Indian tea.
It often horrified the English community that she spent her time with local farmers and horse traders, eccentrics and mystics, but she valued expertise over convention and had long believed if you were going to make discoveries in the world you must first quit your Englishness and open your eyes.
NASSER: (about OMAR): Haven't you trained him up to look after you, like I have done with my girls?PAPA: He brushes the dust from one place to another. He squeezes shirts and heats soup. But that hardly stretches him. Though his food stretches me. It's only for a few months, yaar. I'll send him to college in the autumn.NASSER: (VO) He failed once. He has this chronic laziness that runs in our family except for me.PAPA: If his arse gets lazy - kick it. I'll send a certificate giving permission. And one more thing. Try and fix him up with a nice girl. I'm not sure if his penis is in full working order.
Lear, “... There thou mightst behold the great image of authority: a dog’s obey’d in office. - Thou rascal beadle, hold thy bloody hand! Why dost though lash that whore? Strip thine own back; Thou hotly lusts to use her in that kind For which thou whipst her. The usurer hangs the cozener.
Identity politics is killings free speech on campus, silencing Muslim women struggle, boosting both Islamism and the far Right and pushing reconciled Muslim voices to the fringes. It makes implicit assumptions about Islam - from an Islamist, Left or Right- perspective - and insists all Muslims must adhere to that definition or be regarded not truly Muslim. It ignores the fact that most ordinary Muslims are not in favour of a violent and that in surveys and polls they support British values more than the general UK population. Yet the myth persists that the ideology of Islamism is the true expression of what it means to be Muslim.
La semaine dernière, nous avons pris une décision. Nous allions sortir pour déblayer les briques. Des femmes de notre quartier y travaillaient quotidiennement. Les Trümmerfrauen. Elles nettoyaient les briques de toute trace de ciment. Elles empilaient dans des brouettes. Les emportaient dans un dépôt. On utiliserait les briques pour recronstruire Berlin. Une tâche utile, mais épuisante.
The tall, thin serious man strode in, his dark cloak billowing so dramatically it threatened to extinguish the lamp flame with its draught. He advanced like a malevolent shadow consuming the dim orange light, filling the room with a presence almost more than human.
But Khair did not need such proof of her husband's love for her. Over and over again,James had risked everything for her. Most relationships in life can survive - or not - without being put to any really crucial, fundamental test. It was James's fate for his love to be tested not once, but four times....At each stage he could easily have washed his hands off his teenage lover. Each time he chose to remain true to her.That, not the words of any will, was the evidence she could cling onto.
A sad, plangent music. In the British camp, Sharpe thought, they would be singing, but no one was singing here.
Yes, well, rein it in, Prom King. British people have been successfully repressing our emotions since before your country was even a thing.
Other unsolved murders or untimely deaths were readily blamed on the supposedly sinister Jews: If a Jewish doctor failed to save a life, the whole Jewish community might be attacked and fined.
The chemistry is so AMAZINGLY HOT” — Mary Darian
A knowledge of Persian will aid a traveler in these countries [Turkmenistan]; but the Toorkey [Turkish] is of infinitely greater consequence.
Panty-melting” — Mary Johnston
If you don't get what you want, you suffer; if you get what you don't want, you suffer; even when you get exactly what you want, you still suffer because you can't hold on to it forever.
You get what you give, but also what you're willing to take.
Most things in life are like a cake, have excess of it and you get sick of it.
Just... just don't think that you are special... just don't do it....- It's Waste of TIme- It doesn't get you far
When you truly love, you can never really get hurt.
The less you know… the better life quality you get.
Ex ‘Fleet man?”“He was a full Commander, last I heard, sir.”“Interesting.” Falconer commented. “Get me his specs. If I have to take him aboard my ship, I want to know all about him.” She swallowed. “Yes sir.”Falconer returned his attention to Nordyke.“What’s their location?”“They’re about a week outside the Hermes system, Captain.”“Helm, set a course – best possible speed!”“Um – sir, we’re on conversion drive at the moment.” The helmsman reported.“I know, Linson – d’you think I’m senile?”“No, sir – I…” The young helmsman stammered.“I did say ‘best possible speed’, didn’t I?”“Yes, sir.
If you want to kill someone and get away with it, become a cop.
When we get down to the very basics of human life we find that we arrive to take a ride on spaceship Earth for several decades and then we leave.
We should get rid of these restricting attitudes and system of beliefs in order to remove obstacles in our way to the achievements of our goals and revealing our potential
All that is considered truth and undoubted will sooner or later get into the sub consciousness
Get rid of old stereotype “I am a victim
That's what hookers get......
What you partake in determines what you get
To be desperate in your search for something is to get it
Get to know how to rely on yourself and think independently and never wait for savior
Becoming an object of worship is to serve God for what you can get from him
Your Pursuit Is What You Get
We spend so long trying to get what everyone else has, that we don't even realize that we all ready have it all.
Follow - appnanagetnana.blogspot.comMost people are struggling to get nanas from their AppNana mobile app so that they canenjoy the numerous benefits that come with it. Do you know that you can redeem yournanas and use them to buy various things online? Well, this in itself is a motivator to keepusing AppNana, but it needs you to use it for long to get redeemable points.How to get unlimited nanas?So here is the easy deal. According to some forum from lazy gamers website, appnanausers have the option to embrace very safe way which will help them to generate nanasfast and without taking the lengthy process they may not have time for. The key is to howto find a loophole which is reliable and does not violate the appnana working communityrules. I have this after so long search - appnanagetnana.blogspot.com
If it is not good for you, God will not give it to you. So don't grumble, if you don't get it.
We all get the same amount of time.
So friendship is all about ignoring?...Fake smiles?...Lies...Promises which get broken?...
That's the role... you know the droll... you just learn how to draw a drone.
If you want to routinely break the law and get away with it, then a police officer would be a great career choice for you.
It's easy to talk, but to don't give a fuck and to don't get offended is damn hard...
In Life cheaters get on the long run and honest people don't get far.
And the nation is going to get ashamed... people everyday get offended by different words and things... soon enough... people are going to become victims of shame.
Sometimes I get mind screw up… but in the end… I need to find a way… THAT'S LIFE!
Oh... man... I am studying... psychology... What women get magnatized is "You not being not being attainble..."Once that happens... women love challanges...
A true gentleman is one that apologizes anyways, even though he has not offended a lady intentionally. He is in a class all of his own because he knows the value of a woman's heart.
The boldness of his mind was sheathed in a scabbard of politeness.
No one is more insufferable than he who lacks basic courtesy.
Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
Off with you" is a phrase used by people who lack the curtesy to say something more polite, such as, "if there's nothing else you require I must be going" or "I'm sorry but I'm going to have to ask you to leave, please" or even "excuse me but I believe you have mistaken my home for your own and my valuable belongings for yours and I must ask you to return the items in question to me and leave my home after untying me from this chair, as I'm unable to do it myself, if it's not too much trouble.
She was so delicate that, while we sat beneath the linden branches, a leaf would fall and drift down and touch her skin, and it would leave a bruise. So as we sat in the afternoon hour, beneath that fragrant linden bower, I had to chase all of the leafs that fell away.
Courtesies of a small and trivial character are the ones which strike deepest in the grateful and appreciating heart.
Don’t ever stray from yourself, in order to be close to someone that doesn’t have the courtesy to remind you of your worth, or the integrity of a gentleman to walk you home.
I'll try a pagan friend, thought I, since Christian kindness has proved but hollow courtesy.
A man can suffocate on courtesy.
Whatever one of us asked the other to do - it was assumed the asker would weigh all the consequences - the other would do. Thus one might wake the other in the night and ask for a cup of water; and the other would peacefully (and sleepily) fetch it. We, in fact, defined courtesy as 'a cup of water in the night'. And we considered it a very great courtesy to ask for the cup as well as to fetch it.
Nowadays, we never allow ourselves the convenience of being temporarily unavailable, even to strangers. With telephone and beeper, people subject themselves to being instantly accessible to everyone at all times, and it is the person who refuses to be on call, rather than the importunate caller, who is considered rude.
[He was aware] of the value of the word of praise dropped at exactly the right moment; and he would have thought himself extremely stupid to withhold what cost him so little and was productive of such desirable results.
Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts.
You can demand courtesy but you have to earn respect.
...when a phone call competes for attention with a real-world conversation, it wins. Everyone knows the distinctive high-and-dry feeling of being abandoned for a phone call, and of having to compensate - with quite elaborate behaviours = for the sudden half-disappearance of the person we were just speaking to. 'Go ahead!' we say. 'Don't mind us! Oh look, here's a magazine I can read!' When the call is over, other rituals come into play, to minimise the disruption caused and to restore good feeling.
One reason that the task of inventing manners is so difficult is that etiquette is folk custom, and people have emotional ties to the forms of their youth. That is why there is such hostility between generations in times of rapid change; their manners being different, each feels affronted by the other, taking even the most surface choices for challenges.
As we are, so we do; and as we do, so is it done to us; we are the builders of our fortunes.
Nobody believes that the man who says, 'Look, lady, you wanted equality,' to explain why he won't give up his seat to a pregnant woman carrying three grocery bags, a briefcase, and a toddler is seized with the symbolism of idealism.
Passion and courtesy are two polar opposite traits that serve to balance each other into a full-blooded whole.Without socialization, passion is a crude barbarian, and without passion, the elegant and polite are dead.Allow both passion and courtesy into your life in equal measure, and be complete.
Perhaps if you were to refrain from deploying the phrase ‘ignorantbuffoon’ with a liberality most writers reserve for ‘it’ and ‘the,’you would find a readier audience.
Если ты человек вежливый, говори с другими не про то, что интересно тебе, а про то, что интересно им.
Oh, hon, it's the little courtesies that make life bearable, I find, wouldn't you agree?
Your name?" George asked him directly. He had probably seen the man a dozen times before yet did not know anything about him. King Davit would have no doubt have known half the man's history already."Henry."George took Henry's hand firmly in his own and looked into his eyes. This had to be done delicately, to make sure this Henry did not think him a fool. He tried to think of how his father would do it."Thank you, Henry, for your concern. It is a comfort to know I am so well guarded. I will make sure to praise you when next I speak to the lord general. But for now I think there is no need to worry.
A Swedish minister having assembled the chiefs of the Susquehanna Indians, made a sermon to them, acquainting them with the principal historical facts on which our religion is founded — such as the fall of our first parents by eating an apple, the coming of Christ to repair the mischief, his miracles and suffering, etc. When he had finished an Indian orator stood up to thank him.‘What you have told us,’ says he, ‘is all very good. It is indeed bad to eat apples. It is better to make them all into cider. We are much obliged by your kindness in coming so far to tell us those things which you have heard from your mothers. In return, I will tell you some of those we have heard from ours.‘In the beginning, our fathers had only the flesh of animals to subsist on, and if their hunting was unsuccessful they were starving. Two of our young hunters, having killed a deer, made a fire in the woods to boil some parts of it. When they were about to satisfy their hunger, they beheld a beautiful young woman descend from the clouds and seat herself on that hill which you see yonder among the Blue Mountains.‘They said to each other, “It is a spirit that perhaps has smelt our broiling venison and wishes to eat of it; let us offer some to her.” They presented her with the tongue; she was pleased with the taste of it and said: “Your kindness shall be rewarded; come to this place after thirteen moons, and you will find something that will be of great benefit in nourishing you and your children to the latest generations.” They did so, and to their surprise found plants they had never seen before, but which from that ancient time have been constantly cultivated among us to our great advantage. Where her right hand had touched the ground they found maize; where her left had touched it they found kidney-beans; and where her backside had sat on it they found tobacco.’The good missionary, disgusted with this idle tale, said: ‘What I delivered to you were sacred truths; but what you tell me is mere fable, fiction, and falsehood.’The Indian, offended, replied: ‘My brother, it seems your friends have not done you justice in your education; they have not well instructed you in the rules of common civility. You saw that we, who understand and practise those rules, believed all your stories; why do you refuse to believe ours?
There are times when it is prudent to turn the other cheek, especially when it comes to spouses, family members, and friends. Courtesy and love are contagious and are far more effective over the long-haul than trying to ruin the reputation and well-being of another. (Chapter 7)
In the summertime, when it got unbearably hot, we were taught to spit on each other out of courtesy.
He wondered why the stewardesses were looking at him funny by mid-flight, and realized he'd been responding to their rote kindness with the intensity of someone who has never experienced courtesy, or never expects to experience it again.
But a favor has to be answered by another favor, and the courtesies became a chain that imprisoned us.
Though he was her enemy, he treated her with unfailing courtesy.
Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction.
When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
The illegality of cannabis is outrageous, an impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world.
It's a good thing most people bleed on the inside or this would be a gory, blood-smeared earth.
Why is marijuana against the law? It grows naturally upon our planet. Doesn’t the idea of making nature against the law seem to you a bit . . . unnatural?
We all need something to help us unwind at the end of the day. You might have a glass of wine, or a joint, or a big delicious blob of heroin to silence your silly brainbox of its witterings but there has to be some form of punctuation, or life just seems utterly relentless.
Penalties against possession of a drug should not be more damaging to an individual than the use of the drug itself; and where they are, they should be changed. Nowhere is this more clear than in the laws against possession of marijuana in private for personal use... Therefore, I support legislation amending Federal law to eliminate all Federal criminal penalties for the possession of up to one ounce [28g] of marijuana.
Is marijuana addictive? Yes, in the sense that most of the really pleasant things in life are worth endlessly repeating.
The amount of money and of legal energy being given to prosecute hundreds of thousands of Americans who are caught with a few ounces of marijuana in their jeans simply makes no sense - the kindest way to put it. A sterner way to put it is that it is an outrage, an imposition on basic civil liberties and on the reasonable expenditure of social energy.
Federal and state laws (should) be changed to no longer make it a crime to possess marijuana for private use.
Marijuana enhances our mind in a way that enables us to take a different perspective from 'high up', to see and evaluate our own lives and the lives of others in a privileged way. Maybe this euphoric and elevating feeling of the ability to step outsidethe box and to look at life’s patterns from this high perspective is the inspiration behind the slang term “high” itself.
So when he asked about getting high, I didn't think, I agreed. We smoked some good California green. Took three tries to put me in the place he said I should be.
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
In strict medical terms marijuana is far safer than many foods we commonly consume. For example, eating 10 raw potatoes can result in a toxic response. By comparison, it is physically impossible to eat enough marijuana to induce death. Marijuana in its natural form is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man. By any measure of rational analysis marijuana can be safely used within the supervised routine of medical care.[DEA Administrative Law Judge - 1988]
The legalization of marijuana is not a dangerous experiment – the prohibition is the experiment, and it has failed dramatically, with millions of victims all around the world.
There has never been a 'war on drugs'! In our history we can only see an ongoing conflict amongst various drug users – and producers. In ancient Mexico the use of alcohol was punishable by death, while the ritualistic use of mescaline was highly worshipped. In 17th century Russia, tobacco smokers were threatened with mutilation or decapitation, alcohol was legal. In Prussia, coffee drinking was prohibited to the lower classes, the use of tobacco and alcohol was legal.
Mason took in enough cannabis smoke to allow a Lipan Apache manipulating a blanket over it to transmit the complete works of Tennyson.
I am convinced that there are genuine and valid levels of perception available with cannabis (and probably with other drugs) which are, through the defects of our society and our educational system, un-available to us without such drugs.
The drug war is a total scam, prescription drugs kill 300K a year, while marijuana kills no one, but they spend billions/year 'fighting' it, because pot heads make for good little slaves to put into private prisons, owned by the banks who launder the drug money, and it's ALL DOCUMENTED.
Sex with a writer should be on any and everyone’s bucket list. Like a box of chocolates, you’d have no clue which of our multiple personalities you’d encounter. Odds are, you’d find that perfect lover. So perfect this inamorata and/or inamorato that your psyche would forever be consumed with hopes that you’d, again, experience, even for a brief moment, the all-encompassing magmatism of that carnal deity within.
She was starting to think that it might be fun to be in control of the universe.
Imagine you just got accepted into an Ivy League school and you rejected them. That's Purple gangsta. Imagine you got the dopest piece of pussy you ever had and she's all into that. And she's 420 friendly. That's Shemale Kush.
A great writer is a blitzed illusionist of portable magic. You're welcome.
To inspire himself, he lit up a marijuana cigarette, excellent Land-O-Smiles brand.
Non dire stronzate, Giovanni. Uno non si droga perché è troppo fantasioso o intelligente. Uno si droga e basta. E, soprattutto, una persona sceglie di drogarsi. Almeno la prima volta, senza le attenuanti della dipendenza che crea o del piacere che infonde. Un individuo, la prima volta che sceglie di drogarsi, lo fa consapevolmente.
The movie Koyaanisqatsi shows non-commented time-lapse footage and focuses our attention on the very rhythm of our civilized modern life and nature. A marijuana high can do something for a user similar to what this time-lapse footage does. The enhancement of episodic memory and the acceleration of associative streams of memories can alter and enhance our recognition of patterns in our lives in various ways. If we are presented with quick associative chains of past experiences, we can see a pattern in a body of information that is usually not at once presented to our “inner eye” as such.
The War on Drugs will go down in history as the most racist crusade since slavery.
Medical Marijuana makes you healthier, buy medical marijuana and CBD oil at
For centuries, cannabis has long been used as a go-to remedy for a wide range of medical conditions by different societies all around the world. But after the dangers of its addiction were brought into light during the 1930s and 1940s, it was banned in most countries—not unlike alcohol was during the Prohibition. It’s only recently that its numerous medical benefits have been reinvestigated. Many studies have proven that marijuana is effective in alleviating symptoms of diseases like multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, and even cancer.A New Breakthrough StudyThe Journal of Bone and Mineral Research published a new study that explored a new and more promising medical application for cannabis. Conducted by researchers from Hebrew University and Tel Aviv University, the research showed that administering cannabidiol (aka. CBD), the non-psychotropic compound cannabinoid found in cannabis, aids in healing bone fractures.Conducted on rats with femoral fractures, it found that cannabidiol significantly enhanced the healing process in just eight weeks. This breakthrough research was jointly led by Prof. Itai Bab of the Bone Laboratory of Hebrew University and by Dr. Yankel Gabet of the Department of Anatomy and Anthropology’ Bone Research Laboratory at TAU’s Sackler Faculty of Medicine.Undisputable Clinical PotentialIn an earlier research study, the very same team also discovered that cannabinoid receptors in the human body also inhibited bone loss and stimulated bone formation. The results of this study just might pave the way for the use of cannabinoid medication to effectively fight osteoporosis and other diseases related to the bone in the near future.According to Dr. Gabet, the compounds of cannabis and its benefits to the medical world is not undeniable. He stressed that there is still a lot of work that has to be done to develop the right therapies, but it’s possible to come up with a clinical therapy that doesn’t involve the psychoactivity of marijuana. After all, cannabidiol is mostly anti-inflammatory and doesn’t cause any psychoactivity.Dr. Gabet also stated that the human body has a cannabinoid system that regulates vital and non-vital systems. The reason we only respond to marijuana is that our built-in intrinsic compounds and receptors can be activated by the compounds found in the cannabis plant. Research has shown that the skeleton is regulated by cannabinoids, while non-psychogenic compounds affect the skeleton.Separating the ComponentsThe study showed that cannabidiol makes the bones stronger during the healing process. It does so by enhancing the maturation of the collagen matrix, which then gives the basis for the new mineralization of the bone tissue. Because of this, after a fracture is healed with cannabidiol, if it gets broken again in the future, the healed bone will be tougher to break.In the study, the researchers prepared two groups of rats with fractured femurs: the first one was injected with cannabidiol alone, while the second one was injected with both cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol. After evaluating the administration of these compounds on the subjects, it was found that it was only cannabidiol that offered therapeutic effects.The researchers found that only cannabidiol sufficiently and effectively enhanced the healing of the fracture—not to mention there are other studies that proved cannabidiol to be a safe agent. Because of this, the researchers are planning to move on with their studies and proceed to clinical trials to look into the use of CBD in improving the healing of human fractures.As we are seeing the use of medical marijuana being legalized in a growing number of states and countries, we can only expect research like this to grow. Research such as this one only adds to the growing list of the health benefits of marijuana.
Are you interested in medical marijuana but have no idea what it is? In recent years, there is a growing cry for the legalization of cannabis because of its proven health benefits. Read on as we try to look into the basics of the drug, what it really does to the human body, and how it can benefit you. Keep in mind that medical marijuana is not for everyone, so it’s important that you know how you’re going to be using it before you actually use it.What is Marijuana?Most likely, everyone has heard of marijuana and know what it is. However, many people hold misconceptions of marijuana because of inaccurate news and reporting, which has led to the drug being demonized—even when numerous studies have proven the health benefits of medical marijuana when it is used in moderation. (Even though yes, weed is also used as a recreational drug.)First and foremost, medical marijuana is a plant. The drug that we know of is made of its shredded leaves and flowers of the cannabis sativa or indica plant. Whatever its strain or form, all types of cannabis alter the mind and have some degree of psychoactivity. The plant is made of chemicals, with tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) being the most powerful and causing the biggest impact on the brain.How is Medical Marijuana Used?There are several ways medical weed is used, depending on the user’s need, convenience and preference. The most common ways are in joint form, and also using bongs and vaporizers. But with its growing legalization, we’re seeing numerous forms of cannabis consumption methods being introduced (like oils, edibles, drinks and many more).● Joint – Loose marijuana leaves are rolled into a cigarette. Sometimes, it’s mixed with tobacco to cut the intensity of the cannabis.● Bong – This is a large water pipe that heats weed into smoke, which the user then inhales.● Vaporizer – Working like small bongs, this is a small gadget that makes it easier to bring and use weed practically anywhere.What’s Some Common Medical Marijuana Lingo?We hear numerous terms from people when it comes to describing medical marijuana, and this list continually grows. An example of this is the growing number of marijuana nicknames which include pot, grass, reefer, Mary Jane, dope, skunk, ganja, boom, chronic and herb among many others. Below are some common marijuana terms and what they really mean.● Bong – Water pipe that allows for weed to be inhaled● Blunt – Hollowed-out cigar with the tobacco replaced with weed● Hash – Mix of medical weed and tobacco● Joint – Rolled cigarette-like way to consume medical cannabisHow Does It Feel to be High?When consumed in moderation, weed’s common effects include a heightened sense of euphoria and well-being. You’ll most likely talk and laugh more. At its height, the high creates a feeling of pensive dreaminess that wears off and becomes sleepiness. In a group setting, there are commonly feelings of exaggerated physical and emotional sensitivity as well as strong feelings of camaraderie.Medical marijuana also has a direct impact on a person’s speech patterns, which will get slower. There will be an impairment in your ability to carry out conversations. Cannabis also affects short-term memory. The usual high that one gets from cannabis can last for about two hours; when you overindulge, it can last for up to 12 hours.Is Using Medical Marijuana Safe?Medical cannabis is scientifically proven to be safer compared to alcohol or nicotine. Marijuana is slowly being legalized around the world because of its numerous health benefits, particularly among people suffering from mental illness like depression, anxiety and stress. It also has physical benefits, like helping in managing pain and the treatment of glaucoma and cancer.
There's something about blue eyes.The kind of blue that startles you every time they're lifted in your direction. The kind of blue that makes you ache for them to look at you again. Not the blue green or blue gray, the blue that's just blue.Cricket has those eyes.
He glances down and notices that I'm still wearing a certain blue something, and, this time, it's HIS index finger that wraps underneath MY rubber band. I shiver wonderfully. "I'm never taking it off." Cricket brushes the delicate skin of my wrist. "It'll fall off." "I'll ask you for another one." "I'll give you another one." He smiles and touches his nose to mine.
I want to kiss him for the rest of the night, for the rest of our lives. The one.
Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.
Thank you for helping my sister,” he says.I lean forward, mimicking his position. “I’m happy to.”Calliope leans out her window. “STOP FLIRTING AND GET BACK TO WORK.
Being a good person, or a better person, or whatever it is you're worried about and trying to fix? It shouldn't change who you are. It means you become more like yourself.
As far as the World Cup is concerned, it is a process. We don't want to jump to the 50th floor straight away. We must start on the ground floor.
Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.
Ceaseless as the interminable voices of the bell-cricket, all night till dawn my tears flow.
The bowler approached the wicket at a lope, a trot, and then a run. He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms and legs, out of which flew a ball.
I should and can play better. That is going to be the challenge for me.
Cricket to us was more than play,It was a worship in the summer sun.
The minute you hesitate you are in trouble.
My father used to say, 'If you want to know the artist, look at the art'. He was usually talking about Stanley Matthews or Don Bradman when he said it.
I felt that they are mentally retarded people. There is a mental problem with our players. They don't know how to wear their clothes and how to talk in a civilized manner.
When he pursed his lips and dropped a hand into his coat pocket, the last thing Nur expected him to pull out was a cricket ball. "I'd hoped for a disruptor at least," she muttered reprovingly. The Doctor slipped three fingers around the ball and hefted it experimentally. "I thought we'd try something a little less excessive." He breathed gently on to the maroon leather and polished it on his leg as the Sontaran finally tossed the Kshatriya aside and stopped to pick up its fallen weapon. He stepped around the corner, sighting along his free arm as the Sontaran straightened, its back fully turned. The cricket ball flashed down the length of the corridor in the blink of an eye, punching into the back of the Sontaran's collar and ricocheting away. To Nur's astonishment, the alien spasmed and crashed to the floor like a falling tree. "Out for a duck," the Doctor commented, blowing across his fingertips. "I've never seen anything killed by a cricket ball before." "You haven't yet. He'll wake up in a few minutes.
Yuvraj Singh is one of the best batsmen to watch in world cricket when he's in form. He is ego personified. Yuvraj doesn’t just hit the ball, he lets it rebound off his aura.
Heroes in fact die with one's youth. They are pinned like butterflies to the setting board of early memories—the time when skies were always blue, the sun shone and the air was filled with the sounds and scents of grass being cut. I find myself still as desperate to read the Sussex score in the stop-press as ever I was; but I no longer worship heroes, beings for whom the ordinary scales of human values are inadequate. One learns that as one grows up, so do the gods grow down. It is in many ways a pity: for one had thought that heroes had no problems of their own. Now one knows different!
This gentleman here, Michael Hussey, is just an absolute freak.
The only good thing about that decision, Gatt, is that I'll get tea before you.
The Aussies have spent so much time basking in the glory of the last generation that they have forgotten to plan for this one. It's just like the West Indies again; once their great names from the 1970s and 80s retired, the whole thing fell apart.The way things are going, the next Ashes series cannot come too quickly for England. What a shame that we have to wait until 2013 to play this lot again.
I don't think we choked this time. We never played well enough to choke.
We're not going to get carried away. Well, we are going to for the next couple of days!
Don Bradman will bat no more against England, and two contrary feelings dispute within us: relief, that our bowlers will no longer be oppressed by this phenomenon; regret, that a miracle has been removed from among us. So must ancient Italy have felt when she heard of the death of Hannibal.
One down, fifteen to go.
I'm not into caps with lots of diamonds on them, like KP.
Far from marking the end of nationalism, the IPL is the ultimate triumph of that principle: a global tournament in which the same nation always wins.
Part of the art of bowling spin is to make the batsman think something special is happening when it isn't.
Come on! Think of Miandad hitting that six off Sharma. If he could do that, you can do this.
Indian cricket, and the youngsters themselves, are dealing with issues inconceivable a few summers ago. Riches and all the attendant temptations are thrown at them before they have started shaving regularly. It's not their fault. It's no one's fault. That is the marketplace. Inevitably, though, it can distract attention from the long struggle towards mastery. Cricket does not give itself away; it expects players to apply themselves, to think and study and seek. It plays tricks, too, pretends that sixes and slower balls and the other shortcuts matter. Cricket sets traps, flatters players and calls them kings when they are barely princes.
What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
He suddenly exploded in a flurry of arms and legs, out of which flew a ball.
As an ersatz opening batsman, Tavaré did not so much score runs as smuggle them out by stealth.
I guess we speak pretty loosely, don't we, about looking forward to the Ashes and all that—and we are, but it's not with both eyes. We've got one eye on that and one eye on what we need to get in place to make sure we're the best team we can be for November.
[F]or all its reputation for conservatism, cricket in its history has demonstrated a remarkable capacity for innovation. What game has survived subjection to such extraordinary manipulations, having been prolonged to 10 days (in Durban 70 years ago), truncated to as few as 60 balls (in Hong Kong every year), and remained recognisable in each instance?
Nearly 30 years since his only tour of Australia, mention of Tavaré still occasions winces and groans. Despite its continental lilt, his name translates into Australian as a very British brand of obduracy, that Trevor Baileyesque quality of making every ditch a last one.
Archie Henderson has won no awards, written no books and never played any representative sport. He was an under-11 tournament-winning tennis player as a boy, but left the game when he discovered rugby where he was one of the worst flyhalves he can remember. This did not prevent him from having opinions on most things in sport.His moment of glory came in 1970 when he predicted—correctly as it turned out—that Griquas would beat the Blue Bulls (then still the meekly named Noord-Transvaal) in the Currie Cup final. It is something for which he has never been forgiven by the powers-that-be at Loftus. Archie has played cricket in South Africa and India and gave the bowling term military medium a new and more pacifist interpretation. His greatest ambition was to score a century on Llandudno beach before the tide came in.
One keeps looking out for innovation in IPL, but of late it hasn't been all that obvious. Lionel Richie as an opening act? Johnny Mathis must have been busy. Matthew Hayden's Mongoose? Looks a bit like Bob Willis' bat with the "flow-through holes"; Saint Peter batting mitts are surely overdue a revival. The only genuinely intriguing step this year, bringing the IPL to YouTube, was forced on Modi by the collapse of Setanta; otherwise what Modi presents as 'innovation' is merely expansion by another name, in the number of franchises and the number of games.
There's a lot of good things about England, but I don't want to tell you too many of them.
Yardy doing a good job out there—1-14 off his five overs so far—but Bangla are letting this drift. The bowling is there to attack, but they're as passive as sleeping sloths at the mo.
The risk is, as ever, that the hyperbole of IPL will simply smother the cricket; perhaps the members of the IPL's cheer squad should stop listening to each other and start listening to themselves.
Some years ago I adjourned with a friend to a nearby schoolyard net for a recreational hit. On the way, we exchanged philosophies of cricket, and a few personal partialities. What, my friend asked, did I consider my favourite shot? 'Easy,' I replied ingenuously. 'Back-foot defensive stroke.'My friend did a double take and demanded a serious response. When I informed him he'd had one, he scoffed: 'You'll be telling me that Chris Tavaré's your favourite player next.' My guilty hesitation gave me away. 'You Poms!' he protested. 'You all stick together!
Shafiul's English, it must be said, is limited (although as one wag pointed out, not as limited as his interrogators' Bengali). So when he was asked whether he had deliberately tried to disrupt Trott's elongated guard-taking procedure by aborting his own run-up, he insisted there had been no plan. Pushed moments later on whether [Jamie] Siddons had spoken to the team about the need to disrupt Trott's elongated guard-taking process, Shafiul nodded jubilantly. We were left none the wiser.
I left home and tried to live the life of a hermit, but I was still fighting myself. I went to England and worked as a chainman on the road. It was better therapy than the shrinks. Building a two-mile road gave me internal peace.
The IPL, involving the socialist principle of a salary cap and the protectionist mechanism of quotas, is not perhaps the best example of a market left flourishingly to its own devices and dynamics.
Tavaré played 30 Tests for England between 1980 and 1984, adding a final cap five years later. He filled for much of that period the role of opening batsman, even though the bulk of his first-class career was spent at Nos. 3 and 4. He was, in that sense, a typical selection in a period of chronic English indecision and improvisation, filling a hole rather than commanding a place. But he tried—how he tried. Ranji once spoke of players who 'went grey in the service of the game'; Tavaré, slim, round-shouldered, with a feint moustache, looked careworn and world-weary from the moment he graduated to international cricket.
Sambit Bal may be right that this is a scandal the IPL needed. It certainly brings fans face-to-face with the tangled reality of their amusement, based as it is on a self-seeking, self-perpetuating commercial oligarchy issued licenses to exploit cricket as they please. Whether the fans care is another matter: one of the reasons Indians have embraced economic liberalisation so fervently is a shoulder-shrugging resignation about the efficiency and integrity of their institutions. Given the choice between Lalit Modi, with his snappy suits and his soi-disant 'Indian People's League', and the BCCI, stuffed with grandstanding politicians and crony capitalists, where would your loyalties lie?
Kaneria has competed in more than 50 Test series [sic] for Pakistan during his career.
The assumption now is that the interests of the brand and of the game overlap to the degree that cricket need hardly be mentioned.
Rob Green needed to get the long barrier out, didn't he?
The captains of England and Australia can barely exchange pleasantries these days without a body-language expert immediately declaiming on the angle of their handshakes.
Batting, for once, in his accustomed slot at No. 3, Tavaré took his usual session to get settled, but after lunch opened out boldly. He manhandled Bruce Yardley, who'd hitherto bowled his offbreaks with impunity. He coolly asserted himself against the pace bowlers, who'd elsewhere given him such hurry. I've often hoped on behalf of cricketers, though never with such intensity as on that day, and never afterwards have I felt so validated. Even his failure to reach a hundred was somehow right: life, I was learning, never quite delivered all the goods. But occasionally—just occasionally—it offered something to keep you interested.
No cricketer is so dependent on the turf on which the game is played as the spinner; it can make, break, enfang or defang him.
[I]f Modi is toast, it will in one sense be a tremendous pity. In his way, he represents a third generation in cricket's governance. For a hundred years and more, cricket was run by administrators, who essentially maintained the game without going out of their way to develop it. More recently it has been run by managers, with just an ounce or two of strategic thought. Modi was neither; he was instead a genuine entrepreneur. He has as much feeling for cricket as Madonna has for madrigals, but perhaps, because he came from outside cricket's traditional bureaucratic circles, he brought a vision and a common touch unexampled since Kerry Packer.
Glenn McGrath had a reasonable career in Australia.
Since inception, the IPL has worn its brand value like a corroboration of inner virtue. On the eve of this tournament, under the headline 'Brand IPL touches the sky', the league's website reverberated with the announcement that Brand Finance, a branding consultancy, had valued the brand value of the IPL brand at $4.13 billion worth of brand—which is a lot of brand, brand-wise.
Heavenly weather really. If life was always like that. Cricket weather. Sit around under sunshades. Over after over. Out. They can't play it here. Duck for six wickets. Still Captain Culler broke a window in the Kildare street club with a slog to square leg. Donnybrook fair more in their line. And the skulls we were acracking when M'Carthy took the floor. Heatwave. Won't last. Always passing, the stream of life, which in the stream of life we trace is dearer than them all.
The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet.
Sometimes you don't know you've crossed the line till you're on the other side.
He has played some outstanding innings in the past, and I've got no [sic] confidence whatsoever that he'll come back and play very well in the near future.
You don't need to play every ball but every ball needs your judgement.
He(Rahul Dravid) is the intelligent man's guide to what a sportsman ought to be - modest, dependable, well-educated, with the gift of grace under pressure and a perspective that is adult. He is the comfort for those who know they cannot be Tendulkar
In any game, the game itself is the prize, no matter who wins, ultimately both lose the game.
Pray God that no professional will ever captain England.
The Top Spin would raise a glass to Rudi Koertzen, the popular veteran South African umpire who will stand in his 107th and final Test when Pakistan meet Australia at Headingley in July [2010]. But we're slightly worried about being misunderstood. A few years back, in a light-hearted series of profiles of the elite umpires for a newspaper supplement, we suggested Rudi was a 'sociable' character who enjoyed spending a no-more-than-inordinate amount of time at the '19th hole'. Cue a concerned phonecall from the ICC, who wanted to register Rudi's displeasure at the implication. Whoops. Presumably it will be orange juices all round when he finally hangs up the white coat.
Samrat Cricket Betting Tips bring you the most 95 percent accurate Cricket predictions and betting tips for Cricket Betting Tips Free, IPL Betting Tips, Free Cricket Betting Tips, CBTF, Big bash and Ram Slam Betting Tips, etc from expert tipsters and Only Sure Reports. Visit at samratcricketbettingtips.com
JS cricket betting tips provide free cricket tips and jackpot match winner tipsjscricketbettingtipsfree.com
Speaking of Vaughan, his claim in the Daily Telegraph last week that the story of a senior county pro being offered money to fix domestic matches was 'the tip of the iceberg' did not go down well with one former England captain contacted by the Top Spin. 'I played the game for almost 20 years,' he seethed, 'and I don't know a single player who has been offered money, either for information or to fix a game. To say it's the tip of the iceberg is absolute rubbish.'The fact that the player in question had just registered a mediocre Stableford score of 20 playing off a handicap of 14 had nothing to do, I was assured, with his foul mood.
The outfield's billiard green: no bare patches, no flowers. The things that are painted white-the sightscreen, the pickets around the boundary-are so white it hurts. The hoses and the boundary line are white. The entire playing surface is perfectly flat and level. And in the middle of the ground, across that wide carpet of perfect grass, the holy of holies.A turf wicket.
In India, people do not like the game of the nation (hockey) but they do like the game of the fashion (cricket).
Cbtf club website is only for England, Australia, uk and other Betting Permitted Country Visitor’s and it’s for entertainment purpose not for Business purpose If you are from India please Don’t visit again this website because betting is not legal in India . Cbtf club articles are published every day. We publish tips like cricket betting tips, cbtf, free cricket betting tips, ipl betting tips, cricket betting tips free, ram slam betting tips, IPL betting tips, big bash betting tips, PSL, Asia cup &amp; MCL betting tips.For more information visit our site : cbtf.club
Scores give better decision than judges.
Cricket is an art. Like all arts it has a technical foundation. To enjoy it does not require technical knowledge, but analysis that is not technically based is mere impressionism.
I cannot remember who scored runs or took wickets, and I have always held in check the temptation to take an archaeological dig into Wisden to find out. Long ago I realised that to go looking for the evidence risked shaking loose the memories I already had; and possibly losing some of them as a consequence. So the important fragments of that day remain intact, shut and airtight in my mind, as if sealed in a jar. The scorecard my grandfather bought me - and filled in with a silver ballpoint pen - is long gone too. I have nothing that preserves our time together there except for the dozen or so still, square images which I can slide in a private show across my mind. These keep alive its broad outline, which is sufficient. The bold statistics don't matter anyway. What does matter is the imprint our journey to Trent Bridge left on me. It's evident in this book, which is also part-payment of an outstanding debt to my grandfather which I can never fully repay.
Sports leads the country to unity; politics leads the country to diversity.
Hell! His beard grows fast as blazes, like a damp wicket in springtime sun, green, and Rachel's skin is so fine, his bristles can score her red the way a new ball marks a bat, English alum on English unbleached willow, finest quality, special selection, Rachel-grade. Zach, my man, you have cricket on the brain! Thomas has asked him to play on Sunday. Bring Rachel, he said. Thomas 'All Souls' Aubry, gentleman, corinthian at heart, and half French yet more English than a true-born.
Before you start your full day of watching Equestrian Square Dancing, Soccer Balling, Hoop Dreaming, Cricket Batting, Rugby Punching, Volleyball Chopping, Skateboard Falling, Martial Arts Bowing, Bicycle Peddlers, and College Football Hecklers, maybe we have time to learn somethingScientifically.
Compete vigorously and with passion in the face of uncertainty and intimidation.
They emerged from the tropical vegetation, greeted by a general cheer. Stephen advanced, carrying his hurly: he was feeling particularly well and fit; he had his land-legs again, and no longer stumped along, but walked with an elastic step. Jack came to meet him, and said in a low voice, 'Just keep your end up, Stephen, until your eye is in; and watch out for the Admiral's twisters,' and then as they neared the Admiral, 'Sir, allow me to name my particular friend Dr. Maturin, surgeon of the Leopard.'How d'ye do, Doctor?' said the Admiral.'I must beg your pardon, sir, for my late appearance: I was called away on -- ''No ceremony, Doctor, I beg,' said the Admiral, smiling: the Leopard's hundred pounds were practically in his pocket, and this man of theirs did not look very dangerous. 'Shall we begin?''By all means,' said Stephen.'You go down to the other end,' murmured Jack, a chill coming over him in spite of the torrid sun.'Should you like to be given a middle, sir?' called the umpire, when Stephen had walked down the pitch.'Thank you, sir,' said Stephen, hitching at his waistband and gazing round the field, 'I already have one.'A rapacious grin ran round the Cumberlands: they moved much closer in, crouching, their huge crab-like hands spread wide. The Admiral held the ball to his nose for a long moment, fixing his adversary, and then delivered a lob that hummed as it flew. Stephen watched its course, danced out to take it as it touched the ground, checked its bounce, dribbled the ball towards the astonished cover-point and running still he scooped it into the hollow of his hurly, raced on with twinkling steps to mid-off, there checked his run amidst the stark silent amazement, flicked the ball into his hand, tossed it high, and with a screech drove it straight at Jack's wicket, shattering the near stump and sending its upper half in a long, graceful trajectory that reached the ground just as the first of La Fleche's guns, saluting the flag, echoed across the field.
cricket my first love, its my passion
Since Modi's Mumbai sign-off, much commentary has been focused on the brand-dilution potential inherent in its scandals. MS Dhoni doesn't think we should worry: 'IPL as a brand can survive on its own.' Shilpa Shetty, 'brand ambassador' of the Rajasthan Royals, tweets that we should: 'Custodians of Cricket must not hamper d Brandvalue of this viable sport.' Hampering d Brandvalue, insists new IPL boss Chirayu Amin, is the furthest thing from his mind: 'IPL's brand image is strong and nobody can touch that.' Harsha Bhogle, however, frets for the nation: 'Within the cricket world, Brand India will take a hit.'Not much more than a week after Modi's first tell-all tweets, the media was anxiously consulting Brand Finance's managing director, Unni Krishnan. Had there been any brand dilution yet? It was, said the soothsayer gravely, 'too early to say'. He could, however, confirm the following: 'The wealth that can be created by the brand is going to be substantially significant for many stakeholders. A conducive ecosystem has to be created to move the brand to the next level… We have to build the requisite bandwidth to monetise these opportunities.' Er, yeah… what he said. Anyway, placing a value on the IPL brand has clearly been quite beneficial to Brand Finance's brand.
There's an old joke about a mother watching a column of soldiers pass by. Her son is in the ranks. All those men out of step, she says, except our Fred.
Independence Day, July 4th, or as I know it: The end of the USA cricket league!
It's a pretty blokey magazine [Bacon Busters, 'Australia's only magazine dedicated to pig hunting'], but they have women in it too. There's a 'Boars and Babes' section: women in bikinis sitting on big old pigs.
Tendulkar's genius is of an order that the average player cannot comprehend. Dravid's greatness is not just comprehensible, it is reassuring
History generally records that Michael Vaughan quit the England captaincy in tearful circumstances following the Test-series defeat to South Africa in 2008. But the Top Spin can reveal this version of events is little more than a smokescreen. For it appears that what actually tipped Vaughan over the edge was a phonecall from a stricken team-mate - a call so harrowing Vaughan decided he could cope no longer.The ex-skipper was enjoying a barbecue at home with friends two summers ago when he took a rare call from Monty Panesar. 'Hello, Monty.' 'Hello Vaughany. I've got some bad news for you.' 'Oh?' 'Yes, you know I was telling you about my parrot Gary last week?' 'Er...' 'Well, he's gone missing. Just thought you'd like to know.' 'Sorry to hear that Monty.' 'Bye.' 'Bye.'So aghast was Vaughan that captaincy duty now extended to fielding calls from team-mates about escaped pets that he knew his time was up. Sure, the tears at the farewell press conference left an impression on us all. But it was Monty's ex-parrot that sealed the deal.
We are such sticklers for tradition in insisting on an amateur captain, regardless of the question of whether he can pull his weight as a player. The time is coming when we will have to change our views [...] when there will be no amateurs of sufficient ability to put into an England side.
My level of excitement is above cricket proportions
Enlightenment is playing every ball of life with perfection, sincerity and love without perturb by the blame or praise of the world.
We get so used to playing in favorable conditions, that we fail to realize that the ball has started moving but our feet aren’t.The conditions become favorable by adapting to them, and adapting means being open to change in the technique &amp; temperament.
...But the Mahommedan religion increases, instead of lessening, the fury of intolerance. It was originally propagated by the sword, and ever since, its votaries have been subject, above the people of all other creeds, to this form of madness. In a moment the fruits of patient toil, the prospects of material prosperity, the fear of death itself, are flung aside. The more emotional Pathans are powerless to resist. All rational considerations are forgotten. Seizing their weapons, they become Ghazis—as dangerous and as sensible as mad dogs: fit only to be treated as such. While the more generous spirits among the tribesmen become convulsed in an ecstasy of religious bloodthirstiness, poorer and more material souls derive additional impulses from the influence of others, the hopes of plunder and the joy of fighting. Thus whole nations are roused to arms. Thus the Turks repel their enemies, the Arabs of the Soudan break the British squares, and the rising on the Indian frontier spreads far and wide. In each case civilisation is confronted with militant Mahommedanism. The forces of progress clash with those of reaction. The religion of blood and war is face to face with that of peace.
They're all gone, my tribe is gone. Those blankets they gave us, infected with smallpox, have killed us. I'm the last, the very last, and I'm sick, too. So very sick. Hot. My fever burning so hot. I have to take off my clothes, feel the cold air, splash water across my bare skin. And dance. I'll dance a Ghost Dance. I'll bring them back. Can you hear the drums? I can hear them, and it's my grandfather and grandmother singing. Can you hear them?I dance one step and my sister rises from the ash. I dance another and a buffalo crashes down from the sky onto a log cabin in Nebraska. With every step, an Indian rises. With every other step, a buffalo falls. I'm growing, too. My blisters heal, my muscles stretch, expand. My tribe dances behind me. At first they are no bigger than children. Then they begin to grow, larger than me, larger than the trees around us. The buffalo come to join us and their hooves shake the earth, knock all the white people from their beds, send their plates crashing to the floor. We dance in circles growing larger and larger until we are standing on the shore, watching all the ships returning to Europe. All the white hands are waving good-bye and we continue to dance, dance until the ships fall off the horizon, dance until we are so tall and strong that the sun is nearly jealous. We dance that way.
Nervous means you want to play. Scared means you don't want to play.
After the Egyptian and Indian, the Greek and Roman, the Teuton and Mongolian, the Negro is a sort of seventh son, born with a veil, and gifted with second-sight in this American world,—a world which yields him no true self-consciousness, but only lets him see himself through the revelation of the other world. It is a peculiar sensation, this double-consciousness, this sense of always looking at one’s self through the eyes of others, of measuring one by the tape of a world that looks on in amused contempt and pity. One ever feels his two-ness,—an American, a Negro... two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.The history of the American Negro is the history of this strife, — this longing to attain self-conscious manhood, to merge his double self into a better and truer self.
When a woman grabs my braids and says "How cute!" I crab her breast and say "How cute!" She never touches me again!
Khusrau darya prem ka, ulti wa ki dhaar,  Jo utra so doob gaya, jo dooba so paar.  English Translation. Oh Khusrau, the river of love Runs in strange directions.  One who jumps into it drowns,  And one who drowns, gets across.
I got in a fight with my girlfriend," I said. "I was just driving around, blowing off steam, you know?"Well, you should be more careful where you drive," the officer said. "You're making people nervous. You don't fit the profile of the neighborhood."I wanted to tell him that I didn't fit the profile of the country but I knew it would just get me into trouble.
I do not want that our loyalty as Indians should be in the slightest way affected by any competitive loyalty whether that loyalty arises out of our religion, out of our culture or out of our language. I want all people to be Indians first, Indian last and nothing else but Indians.
Indian believes they ain't but two sins... bein a coward... and turnin agin yer own kind.
After Hatuey, a fifteenth-century Indian insurrectionist, had been fixed to the stake, his Spanish captors extended him the choice of converting to Christianity and ascending to Heaven of going unrepentantly to Hell. Gathering that his executioners expected to go to heaven, Hatuey chose the other
Never has America lost a war ... But name, if you can, the last peace the United States won. Victory yes, but this country has never made a successful peace because peace requires exchanging ideas, concepts, thoughts, and recognizing the fact that two distinct systems of life can exist together without conflict. Consider how quickly America seems to be facing its allies of one war as new enemies.
Kaun bata sakta hai yeh mulaqaat pehli yaan Aakhri hai.. Na jaane kitni baar mil chuka hoon tujhse aur kitni baar abhi milna baaki hai...Har daur mein hota hai koi kirdaar mere jaisa..  Na jaane kitne qisson me zikar hai mera aur kitni kahaniyon mein abhi likhna baaki hai... Sadiyon se chal hoon ekk kaafile ke saath saath.. Na Jaane kin Manzilon ki talaash hai aur kahan abhi Pahunchna baaki hai... Suna hai Sau raaste jaate hai usski jaanib ki taraf ... mujhe ek bhi nai mil raha, lagata hai be-samajh kadmon ka abhi Bhatkna baaki hai... Na thama hai, na hi thamega yeh ranjishon ka silsilaa 'Tasbeeh.. Na jaane kitni dafa toota hoon abhi kitna aur bikhrana baaki hai... Khwabon me khawab dekh raha hai ek mitti ka bhut zameen pe.. Uske Khwabon ki ajal mein bas Palkon ka jhapkana baaki hai... Wajood-e-adam ke dayaron se nikal toh chuki hai zaat meri.. Bas saanson ka rukna aur rooh ka bicharna baaki hai..Uss roshni ki talaash mein jo phir raha hai dar-ba-dar...Dekh Patangey ney Samait liya haunsla usme Jitnaa abhi baaki hai... Kaun bata sakta hai yeh mulaqaat pehli yaan aakhri hai Na jaane kitni baar mil chuka hoon tujhse aur kitni baar abhi milna baaki hai...
The Indian danced on alone. The crowd clapped up the beat. The Indian danced with a chair. The crowd went crazy. The band faded. The crowd cheered. The Indian held up his hands for silence as if to make a speech. Looking at the band and then the crowd, the Indian said, "Well, what're you waiting for? Let's DANCE.
We didn't have last names before they came. When they decided they needed to keep track of us, last names were given to us, just like the name "INDIAN" itself was given to us. These were attempted translations and botched Indian names, random surnames, and names passed down from white American generals, admirals, and colonels, and sometimes troop names, which were sometimes just colors.
If I have to take police protection in my own country from my own people, then there is something wrong with me, I'm fighting within the framework of the Indian constitution and it is not against anyone, but for everyone.
A JEWELRY STORE NAMED INDIAIf you hold this Dazzling emeraldUp to the sky,It will shine a billion Beautiful miraclesPainted from the tearsOf the Most High.Plucked from the lush gardensOf a yellowish-green paradise,Look inside this hypnotic gemAnd a kaleidoscope of Titillating, Soul-raising Sights and colorsWill tease and seduceYour eyes and mind.Tell me, sir.Have you ever heardA peacock sing?Hold your earTo this mystical stoneAnd you will hearSacred hymns flowingTo the vibrationsOf the perfumedWind.
In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.
I'd only seen Julius play a few times, but he had that gift, that grace, those fingers like a goddamn medicine man. One time, when the tribal school traveled to Spokane to play this white high school team, Julius scored sixty-seven points and the Indians won by forty.I didn't know they'd be riding horses," I heard the coach of the white team say when I was leaving....Hey," I asked Adrian. "Remember Silas Sirius?"Hell," Adrian said. "Do I remember? I was there when he grabbed that defensive rebound, took a step, and flew the length of the court, did a full spin in midair, and then dunked that fucking ball. And I don't mean it looked like he flew, or it was so beautiful it was almost like he flew. I mean, he flew, period."I laughed, slapped my legs, and knew that I believed Adrian's story more as it sounded less true.Shit," he continued. "And he didn't grow no wings. He just kicked his legs a little. Held that ball like a baby in his hand. And he was smiling. Really. Smiling when he flew. Smiling when he dunked it, smiling when he walked off the court and never came back. Hell, he was still smiling ten years after that.
Reardan is the rich white farm town that sits in the wheat fields exactly 22 miles away from the Rez. And it's a hick town I suppose filled with farmers and rednecks and racists cops who stop every Indian that drives through. During one week when I was little dad got stopped three times for DWI- Driving While Indian.
Primeiro surgiu o homem nu de cabeça baixa. Deus veio num raio. Então apareceram os bichos que comiam os homens. E se fez o fogo, as especiarias, a roupa, a espada e o dever. Em seguida se criou a filosofia, que explicava como não fazer o que não devia ser feito. Então surgiram os números racionais e a História, organizando os eventos sem sentido. A fome desde sempre, das coisas e das pessoas. Foram inventados o calmante e o estimulante. E alguém apagou a luz. E cada um se vira como pode, arrancando as cascas das feridas que alcança.
I always think it's funny when Indians celebrate Thanksgiving. I mean, sure, the Indians and Pilgrims were best friends during the first Thanksgiving, but a few years later, the Pilgrims were shooting Indians.So I'm never quite sure why we eat turkey like everybody else.
Negative Space – I am married. But I don’t have a child clinging to me. Does that make me childfree or childless?The absence of something of such great significance can’t be described by a simple word like vacant. The absence is actually the removal of the object and something else, something intangible, from the observer himself.
Anytime, any day, any season, Goa is always a good idea
The tendency of us Indians to procrastinate till the last second of the deadline is the reason we have the second highest population.
Nature of clouds – Sister, Medha and Neeta, dreamer and pragmatist, whose divergent live and conflicting philosophies, were not destined to intersect.Confessions and confidences would do nothing but dissolve her carefully constructed image of perfection.Distance was the key, thought Medha, from a distance everything is still beautiful.
In international commerce, India is an ancient country-(19th October, 1899)
It's important he dress like an Indian, dance like an Indian, even if it is an act, even if he feels like a fraud the whole time, because the only way to be Indian in this world is to look and act like an Indian. To be or not to be Indian depends on it.
If you were going to compete successfully in a white man's world, you had to learn to play the white man's game. It was not enough that an Indian be as good as; an Indian had to be better than.
Being Indian has never been about returning to the land. The land is everywhere or nowhere.
India and Pakistan fighting over Kashmir, is like two sons fighting over their father's estate. To them Kashmir is not a people, but a possession, and obsession over possession only brings destruction.
Sometimes there were trips to somebody's cousin's friend's plot of land by the black-water creeks off the highway, trips that killed me with nostalgia even while I lived them, driving aback a pickup, silvery rain pelting bare backs, leaves dancing on the mud trail, branches snapping back onto faces, puddles like lakes forded in the sinking vehicle, bushcook and red rum and drenched cricket, jamoon splattered purple upon the wet soil - the remarkable freedom of a forgotten and irrelevant place on earth.
Secrets are dark things. They don’t exist in the light. Theyglow faintly in forgotten corners, in mysterious mind-nooks,in lost memory maps. Secrets are the shadows of the soul.
We made powwows because we needed a place to be together. Something intertribal, something old, something to make us money, something we could work toward, for our jewelry, our songs, our dances, our drum.
Let you remind yourself once more today that times of suffering or privation do not lasts forever. All winters always turn to spring i.e. in principle, no spring skips its turn. This is the law of the universe &amp; the law of life. As long as we hold on to hopes, spring is sure to come in our lives too. All it needs is your time, earnest efforts, right pace, devotion, dedication, goodness &amp; perseverance to make everything peachy, delightful &amp; beautiful in your life &amp; in your world back again &amp; again. Let you also practice self-care, mindfulness, healing, joy &amp; stop yourself from burning out in the mean time. Let your good deeds help you to create a more unprejudiced, peaceful, happy &amp; sustainable world around yourself. Let you engage yourself more in all that is auspicious &amp; let God bless you &amp; keep you in good health &amp; spirits always. Stay Magical, Extraordinary &amp; Successful!
Once upon a time, there was a civilization in the eastern side of the world. It was one of the most advanced civilizations on the planet that existed during that time.This civilization was the glorious Indus valley civilization. No, I am not talking about India. I am talking about the land of greatness that got lost in time. Today, in the same geographical location of that great civilization, we have a piece of earth, which is known as “India”. But do not mistake it to be the same glorious land that existed thousands of years ago, along with other magnificent civilizations, such as the Greeks, the Mayans, the Egyptians, the Babylonians etc.
If he slept, he dreamt of the woman with the icy white irises. She exploded planes, swallowed oceans and crumpled skiesin her palm in his dreams. Sometimes she and the green-eyed girl were one. At other times, the green-eyed girl was alone, a gaping hole where her heart should have been. At all times he could hear the woman’s cold, low laughter. It swept across his consciousness like a hailstorm.When he woke up, he thought he was going mad.
The contemporary motto for the mullet-wearer is "business in front, party in the back" but the Indian mullet warrior motto was "I don't want my hair to get in my eyes as I'm kicking your ass.
What is the difference between a dream and its memory?
O, I do read Indian novels sometimes. But you know, Ms Rupinder, what we Indians want in literature, at least the kind written in English, is not literature at all, but flattery. We want to see ourselves depicted as soulful, sensitive, profound, valorous, wounded, tolerant and funny beings. All that Jhumpa Lahiri stuff. But the truth is, we are absolutely nothing of that kind. What are we, then, Ms Rupinder? We are animals of the jungle, who will eat our neighbour's children in five minutes, and our own in ten. Keep this in mind before you do any business in this country.
There are many places you need to be, but there is nowhere to reach. There are many people you need to see but no one to meet. And there are many contacts in your phone but no one to talk. There are many masks in your closet but no face to please.
I am pain-stricken to say, since the moment I was born, I have found nothing extraordinary in this ancient land of greatness to be exceptionally proud of. I am not a proud Indian. India at its present condition has given me no reason to feel proud.However, I do feel proud of the ancient Indians, just like I feel proud of the ancient Greeks, the Mayans, the ancient Egyptians, the Babylonians and so on. Scientists are beyond borders, just like the ancient scientists of India, whom you prefer to call as sages.
We must admit that by approving multiculturalism in its current, misguided form, we are paving the road to White, Black, Indian and Asian genocide faster than the Sixth Mass Extinction.
Did I mention Indian weddings last seven days? There are prison sentences that run shorter than Indian weddings.
It is too often the case,” Crook said, “that border newspapers … disseminate all sorts of exaggerations and falsehoods about the Indians, which are copied in papers of high character and wide circulation, in other parts of the country, while the Indians’ side of the case is rarely ever heard. In this way the people at large get false ideas with reference to the matter. Then when the outbreak does come public attention is turned to the Indians, their crimes and atrocities are alone condemned, while the persons whose injustice has driven them to this course escape scot-free and are the loudest in their denunciations. No one knows this fact better than the Indian, therefore he is excusable in seeing no justice in a government which only punishes him, while it allows the white man to plunder him as he pleases.
ארץ זבת דבש מייפל וחלב באפאלו
I am a palette of emotions; I remember how I have cov-eted to be free from the school rules. I look around to see people casually dressed up and walking with an aim maybe to make a better career or just add fame of DU degree like me. The campus is buzzing with freshman and activity. I just hope, these corridors, hallways, and passages don’t see me trip-ping and falling any day. I feel more comfortable standing in between the crowd of people moving. Like nobody is paying any heed. You can be yourself without feeling awkward about anything.
Anyone who has used that comforting phrase 'a nice cup of tea' invariably means Indian tea.
there is no place of politics in education. The moment you let politics invade your education system, you inadvertently welcome chaos into the future of young India. Educational institutions have nothing to do with political propagandas. So, open your eyes, and throw any kind of political agenda out of your institutions.
Many of these mixed-blood Indian people were eventually forced into hiding or denial of their Indian ancestry because of their fear of removal to the west by the United States Government.
Time to cut the cake, newlyweds." Caroline ushers us over to the sweet little two-tier cake, round and covered in white fondant with what appear to be traditional henna tattoo patterns drawn on it in pale gold. We take the mother-of-pearl-handled knife, apparently the one Caroline and Carl used at their wedding, and, his hand on mine, cut a small slice. We feed each other a generous bite, marveling at the tender almond cake with the poached apricots and white chocolate mousse, light-as-air buttercream scented with vanilla and orange blossom water.
Caroline has laid out a beautiful spread, which is a combination of some of my favorite things that she has cooked, and traditional Sikh wedding dishes provided by Jag's friends. There is a whole roasted beef tenderloin, sliced up with beautiful brioche rolls for those who want to make sandwiches, crispy brussels sprouts, potato gratin, and tomato pudding from Gemma's journal. The savory pudding was one of the dishes from Martha's wedding, which gave me the idea for this insanity to begin with, so it seemed appropriate. I actually think Gemma would strongly approve of this whole thing. And she certainly would have appreciated the exoticism of the wonderful Indian vegetarian dishes, lentils, fried pakoras, and a spicy chickpea stew.From what I can tell, Gemma was thrilled anytime she could get introduced in a completely new cuisine, whether it was the Polish stonemason introducing her to pierogi and borsht, or the Chinese laundress bringing her tender dumplings, or the German butcher sharing his recipe for sauerbraten. She loved to experiment in the kitchen, and the Rabins encouraged her, gifting her cookbooks and letting her surprise them with new delicacies. Her favorite was 'With a Saucepan Over the Sea: Quaint and Delicious Recipes from the Kitchens of Foreign Countries,' a book of recipes from around the world that Gemma seemed to refer to frequently, enjoying most when she could alter one of the recipes to better fit the palate of the Rabins. Mrs. Rabin taught her all of the traditional Jewish dishes they needed for holiday celebrations, and was, by Gemma's account, a superlative cook in her own right.Off to the side of the buffet is a lovely dessert table, swagged with white linen and topped with a small wedding cake, surrounded by dishes of fried dough balls soaked in rosewater syrup and decorated with pistachios and rose petals, and other Indian sweets.
Chicken and vegetable pakoras, chickpea fritters with delicate spices. Aloo samosas filled with spicy potatoes, peas, and cilantro, with a fiery green sauce. Goat curry. Tandoori chicken. Mutton biryani. White lentil dal with onions and spices, potatoes and eggplant fried with onions and tomatoes, and four kinds of bread, naan, tandoor roti, chapati, and paratha.
Stop talking about “rape” and start talking about “sex”, and within a few decades India will attain the true mindset to prevent sexual assaults.
Orvil mainly listens to powwow music. There's something in the energy of that big booming drum, in the intensity of the singing, like an urgency that feels specifically Indian. He likes the power the sound of a chorus of voices makes too, those high-pitched wailed harmonies, how you can't tell how many singers there are, and how sometimes it sounds like ten singers, sometimes like a hundred.
As a sign of utmost gratitude for his contributions to the Indian society in restoring equal rights of the citizens, I confer him (B.R. Ambedkar) the title “Martin Luther King Jr. of India.
To the traditional Indians, terms such as “intercourse”, “penis”, “vagina”, “clitoris”, “semen”, “masturbation”, “breasts”, etc. are exclusive possessions of the night. The traditional Indians perceive these terms as something “dirty”. No matter how old they look, they really never grow up to talk and discuss about sex.
From an early age children play 'cowboys and Indians',Nobody ever plays 'UN peacekeeping force'. (From: Kinderpraat)
As a general rule, the Chinese seldom ventured west of Sri Lanka, the Indians north of the Red Sea mouth, and the Italians south of Alexandria. It was left to the Greeks, who ranged freely from India to Italy, to carry the greatest share of the traffic.
The Irish-Indians, who were of dark complexion, would many times claim to be Black Dutch or Black Irish and deny their rightful Indian descent in order to stay in their aboriginal lands.
You can take the Indian out of the family, but you cannot take the family out of the Indian.
You couldn't just pick and choose at will when someone depended on you, or loved you. It wasn't like a light switch, easy to turn on or off. If you were in, you were in. Out, you were out.
Sometimes a woman's love of being loved gets the better of her conscience, and though she is agonized at the thought of treating a man cruelly, she encourages him to love her while she doesn't love him at all. Then, when she sees him suffering, her remorse sets in, and she does what she can to repair the wrong.
Some things just can't be put back together. Some things can never be fixed. Two broken pieces can't make a lot of anything anymore. But at least he had the broken pieces.
For me,you are fresh waterthat falls from treeswhen it has stopped raining. For me, you are cinnamon that lingers on the tongue and givesbitter wordssweetening.For me, you are the scent of violins and visionof valleys smiling.And still,for me, your loveliness never ends.It traverses the worldand finds its way back to me.Only me.
...so i will greet youin a wayall loved thingsare meant to be greetedwith a tear in my heartand a poem in my eye.
The suffering of a loved one was in many ways worse than one's one suffering because it left one feeling so very helpless.
LOVE IS A FLOWERTreat your relationshipAs if you are growingThe most beautiful sacred flower.Keep watering it,Tend to the roots,And always make sureThe petals are full of colorAnd are never curling.Once you neglect your plant,It will die,As will your relationship.
All of us blossom when we feel loved and wither when we do not feel loved.
My heart belongs to you,' He promised.'Would you have loved me when I was a girl?''I have always loved you. Even before I met you I loved the idea of you.
Here's another poem,like all others before and after,dedicated to you.There isn't anything left to be saidbut I will spend my lifetrying to put you into words.You who is every goodness,every optimismand hope.Your love is a better fate for methan anything I could wish for.If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part.And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination.But I’ve become a weary traveller,so please,let us never be apart.
Her mouth set. "I've already lost one man I loved tonight. I will not lose the other." She glared at him. "And curse you, you stone head, for making me say it first.
Without the wetness of your love, the fragrance of your water, or the trickling sounds of your voice ― I shall always feel thirsty.
Think the tree that bears nutrition:though the fruits are picked, the plant maintains fruition.So give all the love you have.Do not hold any in reserve.What is given is not lost; it shall return.
I wonderif you ever read my poemsand wish they were writtenfor you.
Let your autobiography contain these words; "I was able to think positively, love affectionately and work efficiently". Thinking, loving and working are what make us different from animals and trees.
TRUTHWhenever you stand up For your conscience, Be prepared to be hated By the wicked. But never, ever,Let that scare you;For whenever you Stand up for God, By him, You are loved.
Breathe in that vital connection to the life source and sensual beauty everywhere. Feel loved and strong.
She loved him, even though it was so hard to love anybody else after loving my dad. I think I knew this before she did.
I saw the sunset-colored sands, The Nile like flowing fire between, Where Rameses stares forth serene, And Ammon's heavy temple stands.I saw the rocks where long ago, Above the sea that cries and breaks, Swift Perseus with Medusa's snakes Set free the maiden white like snow.And many skies have covered me, And many winds have blown me forth, And I have loved the green, bright north, And I have loved the cold, sweet sea.But what to me are north and south, And what the lure of many lands, Since you have leaned to catch my hands And lay a kiss upon my mouth.
Be still and know you are loved –Feel the arms of the universeRocking you to its steady hum.
Get to know who you are instead of waiting for some magical person to walk into your life and make you more adventurous, richer, nicer, smarter, sexier, or more relaxed in your own skin. That's too big a job for anyone to take on anyway. At the end of the day, all anyone wants to be is loved and appreciated, not burdened with your unresolved issues.
You are a child of the universeCome to choose how to live here.You are a child of the universeLoved beyond measure.
Young widows are always a painful sight to see. Jilted brides are even more pitiful than young widows—at least widows had been loved and cherished.
Love is the most selfish feeling ever. We all love cuz we wanna be loved.
Wondering if you’re loved is no love at all. When you’re truly loved there’s no question. You’re heart will always let you know. Don’t settle for less than the truth.
Even the strongest people need to be loved, adored and be comforted. Sometimes they need it the most.
You are important. You are loved. Somebody needs you. Don't give up.
Every human being wants to love and be loved. This is very natural. But often love, desire, need, and fear get wrapped up all together
Hands that hold you so tenderly that you feel loved and bruised at the same time.
Robin,We will always remember the laughter in your eyes. The way they seem to light up each time you made us smile. You were always laughing with us, that's how you made us feel. You’re forever in our thoughts, and always missed. Rest in peace Robin Williams.
We loved with every organ but the heart.
We are loved way more by some of the people who have not contacted us in the last twelve or so months than we are loved by some of those who contact us every twelve or so days … or hours.
The only thing that comes close to defining me correctly is my love.
Some people hate people who are overconfident, only because their overconfidence reminds them of their underconfidence.
I will missmy chest explodingyou coming home latenot turning on the lightalways waking me upI will missthe sudden burst of safetywhen you look at meor hold my handor say something like”let’s go home”I will missthe years I loston something or someone.The pieces didn’t fit, shaped wrongthe timing slightly off.I loved you like I always will.
The last time everyone loved or at least liked everyone was when the world had a population of about 4.
Like the cotton-carder who combs tangled cotton into a long bundle of fibre, you take all my knotted fragments and comb them into light.
Once we have a true revelation that we are loved, valued, and purposed, it becomes difficult to live in such a way that contradicts this truth.
If you want to find God, then all you need to do is love.
Love that is fueled solely by feelings will suddenly find itself out of gas on a long road with no gas stations.
Love is a perpetual journey that is extraordinary because it will never find itself terminated by a destination.
I don’t know that love is freedom. Rather, I think it’s more a force to preserve freedom.
I’m not normal. I see people hurt in love and I want to hug them and tell them it’s going to be okay. That they need to keep that broken heart open. Because there’s nothing else really that matters beyond loving and being loved.
When she came back down, Sam and Astrid had arrived.Sam hugged Dekka, and the two of them stayed that way for a long time, saying nothing. Both had loved Brianna.To Edilio, Sam said, “I’m so sorry, man. I wish I’d . . . You know what I wish.”Edilio fought back a fresh rush of tears, nodded, waited until he was sure he could speak, and said, “I’m glad you’re back, boss.
You are perfect because you are flawed. You are perfect because you are loved.
When I was born I was loved and feared, people played with me but I never played with them. I loved them.
I have always loved fairy tales, even now at the age when I am supposed to be too grown up and cynical for them.
To all the friends out there struggling while so many are celebrating right now, please know that you are not alone, and you are so loved. I hold you in my heart and send you extra support and love these days, and all the light I know how to muster. I love you.
Since Day one,God created us to be loved.
If a child is loved, he feels worthy of love in the future
For love to eliminate pain is to waste it, for it is love alone that possesses sufficient force to bend pain against everything that would break us.
If we limit love to being nothing more than a feeling, we have no real feeling for what love is.
Bear witness for one who is loved and not loved: we cast the cloak gently around her, an end of great woe for our house.
Hate feeds on itself, while love will always find itself fed.
Once I have impounded love and towed it into the confine of words, I have lost it altogether.
But what creature in the world doesn't want to be loved for itself?
I don't want to be loved despite my history:I want absolution, someone to observe my fitting-into andgrowing-out-of, someone to watch my spinemake the mannequin come to life.
Who or what would you put first, your country, your family or someone you loved.
The reason as to why we are attracted to our opposites is because they are our salvation from the burden of being ourselves.
How is it that there was never youuntil there wasand then all was you?
She felt excluded, unappreciated and unloved. Never had been loved.
We start a relationship with someone not only because of how great they are but how great they make us feel. And because they have granted us this extraordinary gift—a chance to experience love, joy, compassion, and security —it is our exclusive privilege to make them feel wonderful about themselves, especially during days when they, themselves, don't feel so wonderful.
Of course love is blind; it keeps me blind to myself.
The thing about love is that you will never run out of it. It's an ever-flowing river. So go ahead and LOVE. What are you saving all this love for — death?
I don’t know why we fight.It takes much too effort to stay mad at you.To dodge your skin in the hallwayand leave the kitchen without bringing you a treat.It takes much too effort to stare at the sinkso my eyes don’t smile at you in the mirror.It takes much too effort to look away as we undressand lie apart in the now bigger bed.It takes much too effort to stiffen my bodybecause sleepy limbs forget fightsand pride is always lost in dreams.It takes much too effort to awaken every hour to make sure we are islands with a gulf of white sheets separating us.I dread the light peeking through the parted curtainsand empathise with your groans —I didn’t get any sleep either.I really don’t know why we fight.It takes much too effort to stay mad at one anotherwhen it’s so easy for us to love.
As I read you I fell in love with the holes between your words and I loved you most on the days you could not love yourself.
Everything I have become,everything I will ever accomplishcannot compare to my mostimpressive feat:I have loved youfiercelyand assiduouslywith the very marrowinside my bones. So that when I die, they can crack them to findyou there. So that when I die, they can open me upand see your name tattooed on the wall of my heart.So that when I die, my epitaph will neither commemoratewho I wasnor what I did, but will read:“She loved.And loved. And loved.”And so, I smile now,because that is no small thing.
Why this candle?Why this cake?The day of my birth is not today.I was born when you said, 'Hey.
The only path wide enough for us all is love.
Love without conditions, restrictions, or the expectation of being loved in return.
Because he has finally realized that it is it and not him that is loved by the woman he loves, many a man is jealous of his own car, house, wardrobe, or salary.
The greatest thing about me isn’t even a part of me. It’s you.
I have become intoxicated again.You are such a potent wine, my friend.To escape your withdrawal effects,tomorrow I will drink in excess.Alas, why make me love?I was aware, conscious, and sensible before.I am ill by cause of this illusion.The devil plays tricks on me more and more.I was a harp you immaculately plucked at will.Your score, the nightingale song withinnotes composed to imprison and bear me wings.Oh, if only they could hear how it sings!I am now beyond parched.My strings left untouched.You are no longer an oasis, my friend,but a mirage soon coming to an end.
Now is not the time for bigots and racists. No time for sexists and homophobes. Now, more than ever, is the time for ARTISTS. It’s time for us to rise above and to create. To show humanity. To spread hope. We must prevent society from destroying itself, from losing its way. Now is the time for love.
And there's you. You're just beautiful. Effortlessly beautiful, like nature. You have the trinity of beauty: a beautiful heart, a beautiful mind, and a beautiful soul.
Alex, please.”He balls his fists. “Stop saying my name. You don’t know me anymore.”“I do know you.” I’m still crying, swallowing back spasms in my throat, struggling to breathe. This is a nightmare and I will wake up. This is a monster-story, and he has come back to me a terror-creation, patched together, broken and hateful, and I will wake up and he will be here, and whole, and mine again. I find his hands, lace my fingers through his even as he tries to pull away. “It’s me, Alex. Lena. Your Lena. Remember? Remember 37 Brooks, and the blanket we used to keep in the backyard—”“Don’t,” he says. His voice breaks on the word.“And I always beat you in Scrabble,” I say. I have to keep talking, and keep him here, and make him remember. “Because you always let me win. And remember how we had a picnic one time, and the only thing we could find from the store was canned spaghetti and some green beans? And you said to mix them—”“Don’t.”“And we did, and it wasn’t bad. We ate the whole stupid can, we were so hungry. And when it started to get dark you pointed to the sky, and told me there was a star for every thing you loved about me.” I’m gasping, feeling as though I am about to drown; I’m reaching for him blindly, grabbing at his collar.“Stop.” He grabs my shoulders. His face is an inch from mine but unrecognizable: a gross, contorted mask. “Just stop. No more. It’s done, okay? That’s all done now.”“Alex, please—”“Stop!” His voice rings out sharply, hard as a slap. He releases me and I stumble backward. “Alex is dead, do you hear me? All of that—what we felt, what it meant—that’s done now, okay? Buried. Blown away.”“Alex!”He has started to turn away; now he whirls around. The moon lights him stark white and furious, a camera image, two-dimensional, gripped by the flash. “I don’t love you, Lena. Do you hear me? I never loved you.”The air goes. Everything goes. “I don’t believe you.” I’m crying so hard, I can hardly speak.He takes one step toward me. And now I don’t recognize him at all. He has transformed entirely, turned into a stranger. “It was a lie. Okay? It was all a lie. Craziness, like they always said. Just forget about it. Forget it ever happened.”“Please.” I don’t know how I stay on my feet, why I don’t shatter into dust right there, why my heart keeps beating when I want it so badly to stop. “Please don’t do this, Alex.”“Stop saying my name.
They got under each of my shoulders and pulled me up, Padma walking in front of me and holding her arms out for good measure. I walked on my own, but I knew that if they hadn’t been there, I might have fallen more than once. Side by side, we marched into the Ocean, all of us crying for help. What?  I felt the swirling waves of Her worry as we floated just beneath the surface. Something’s wrong with Kahlen,  Miaka said.In the water, they could let me go, and I floated there, the Ocean holding me like a child. I’m so tired.Look at her skin,  Elizabeth said.  She’s so pale. And she keeps sleeping. Like she needs it.She has a fever, too,  Miaka added. I was acutely aware that my temperature was off; I could feel the water around me warming from my touch....She fretted.  This has never happened before. I don’t know what to do.Maybe if she stays in You for a while, it would help,  Elizabeth suggested. What, Miaka?  the Ocean asked suddenly. Nothing.  But she did look like she was hiding something. What were you thinking?Nothing,  Miaka insisted.  Flipping through ideas, it’s all nothing. I think Elizabeth is onto something. She swam up to me. We’ll come and check on you every hour until you feel like coming back to bed. I didn’t want to say how much it bothered me that she said “back to bed” instead of “back to the house.” It was like she knew I wasn’t going to be standing again. Okay. They fled, off to make arrangements for their broken sister. I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s happening.How long have you been feeling like this?  She sounded uneasy, as if She suspected something She didn’t want to say.I squinted, trying to remember.  It’s been coming on so slowly, it’s hard to say. She snuggled me into Herself.  Just rest. I’m here. And I was so tired, I did exactly that. It was so unreal, how loved I felt. Right there, balanced with Her rigidity, Her absolute need to maintain order, I heard Her thinking of what She might sacrifice so long as She could keep me. It was such an encompassing feeling, and that alone was enough to make me sleep.
2. Overcommitment and time pressure are the greatest destroyers of marriages. It takes time to develop any friendship...whether with a loved one or with God Himself.
Life is short; love is longer.
I've written you sixty-seven love poems.Here’s another one for you.But really, for me.These poems are the candles that I light with the fire you have ignited in me.I place this candle here and another thereso even if the stars have argued with the moonand are sulking away in a corner, you can still find your way to me.Sixty-eight poems now. What does the future hold for us?Joy? Disappointment? Gentle caresses? And subtle neglect?I hope the good is more than the bad. Much more. For what is the point of loveif by lighting these candlesour own flame loses its brightness?I know the good is more than the bad. Much more.I cannot wait to write you sixty-nine.
He is the God who loved you so much that His Son stripped Himself of all heavenly glory to live as an impoverished Jewish carpenter so He could shed His blood, suffer, and die for the forgiveness of our sins.
Love is our religion. Love is our light. It is the only thing that gives us any hope.
If you can love one person, you can love everyone.
We live only for the hope of love.
Love is a snowflake for no two are ever the same.
Come back to me.Where have you gone?And why so long?I miss the star below your lip,the constellation on your chest.I miss your ways,how you net butter-flying words and release themfor others to enjoy.I miss your tenderness,the sweetness of your breathand the song of your voice.I miss howyou worship me.Come back to me once more.Why did you go?And whatever for?The heavens plotted against us.The clouds came andpissed on our lives.The smell of charged particlesstill lingers in the air.What will become of you and I?Come back to us.
Your most precious memories will focus on those you loved, those who loved you, and what you did together in the service of the Lord.
How can you say it was all a lie?” I ask, just above a whisper. “Matt was my best friend. I loved him that way always. ‘We have to look out for her.’ That was the last thing he said to me alone. And then he died. What was I supposed to do, Frank? Tell me?
I couldn’t have dreamed you into existence because I didn’t even know I needed you. You must have been sent to me.
Have you got stuck in a period of time where you loved or you were loved once? Come back to the present time, because present time is the only time you can do something real about your fate!
Listen.Do you see that you can’t hear snowfall?Look.Do you sensethat you can’t see love?Touch.Do you graspthat you can’t catch poems?Try.Smell this glass. Go on taste this cloud.These material senses won’t get you far untilyou feelthe velvet glove caress your soul.
Despite their depressing circumstances, the Hernandez family had a certain dignity and strength about them. They were Christians, and they taught their children that God loved them and had a plan for their lives. Their little boy, David, internalized that message of hope. He never thought of himself as a victim even though he had every reason to feel cheated. His family was at the bottom of the social ladder without even a house to live in, but his worth as an individual was rooted in his faith.
You see herand ascend into love. You become enchanted, a found madman. In your love,you lose yourself and become her. You were once without her, now with her. You still feel her and descend into love. You become enraptured, a lost madman. In your love,you lost yourself and her. You were once with her, nowwithout her.
Seduce yourself first.
Where were you when I undressed and told the tales of my day?Where were youwhenI was silent with God in prandial pray?Where were youwhen I recited love poems as I lay?Where were you?
Can we share my eyes so you can see what I see?Can we share my ears so you can hear what I hear?Can you perch on my shouldersso you can go where I go?Always in my heart, I don’t experience anything separate from you.This shared wonderment becomes doubled.This shared love becomes infinite.
My dear, please be careful.You no longer live only for yourself.You live for me as well.
Love, the exotic bird, came and went.Heart forgot love.Joy, the majestic willow, wept and died.Mind forgot joy.Hope, the basement lamp, fell and broke.Soul forgot hope.Self, the anxious caterpillar, took flight and dropped.Self forgot self.You, my all, became all my reasons.Reasons left.You left.I never forgot.
I write our names on the page.What of it, if the paper will be burned?I write our names in the sand.What of it, if the shore will be washed by waves?I write our names on trees that will be cutand benches that will be painted,but what of it?I will keep on writing our namesbecause in this world of ephemera, You and I are the only constant.
They took my booksbecause my message was love.They took my penbecause my words were love.Then they took my voicebecause my song was love.Soon they’ll take myselfso nothing remains.But they don’t know that when I'm gonemy love will stay.
I'm not here to grant you the extraordinary love you never had for yourself. I'm here, on my own accord, to love you. So that when you stare into my mirror eyes, you may see how extraordinary you are.
Your love opened up a whole world that no amount of books or wisdom could ever do.
Knowing you,I became mindless.Having wasted previous wishes,I'm riddled with regretsFeeling you,I became hopeless.Adrift in chasms,I surrender to a caress.Loving you,I became love.My universe became love.Planets rotate on love's axes andapples fall to be near their beloveds.No longer a rationalist, I assert my existence with love. I love, therefore I exist,therefore I love.
Do the lovers know that when they whisper these poems they are commemorating our love?Do they ever think of you and meor only of themselves?Do they know that I once found a strand of your hairand wore it around my necklike a necklace?That I kiss your handsmore than I kiss your lips?Do they realise that our love and their love are drops in the universe’s ocean of loveand that without any of these drops, the ocean would be less?
All kinds of people read poetry: revolutionaries, scholars, sentimentalists etc. But above all else, lovers read poetry. Why? Because we fell in love. And then we fell in love with love.
Believe me when I say: 'Out of all those around, she’s the best locksmith in town.' Her stethoscope ears know when the dials of your heart click into place.She’s been cutting keys for years.You don’t stand a chance with that flimsy case.Alas, no matter how you lock your heart— bolt, fixture, and key— she’s got nimble fingersthat pick locks for free.Padlocks and deadboltsare all in vain.Why do you even botherwith that chain?She’s way too smart. Along with ours, she’ll have your heart. And you will see that the best locksmith in town is she.
Violinists wear the imprint on their necks with prideFor they are the players of harmony.Pilgrims, too, wear the imprint on their foreheads with prideFor they are the conductors of unity.And Lovers? Why, they are made humble by the imprint on their heartsFor they are merely the instruments of rhapsody.
Autumn is hereand I am in love.My heart has taken residence in my mind.I pick the crisp ochre leaves and put them in my pocket.I am in love.
Love is the most integral function of our lives. That is why LOVE is only one letter away from LIVE.
Come to me.Why must you ruin this moment?You are burdened with thought.Burdened with the pastand expectations of the future.You are burdened with your self.Cast these aside by laughing at yourself.And love,for what more is there than to love me?Take me nowand let it be heaven for us.
I wish for all of us the blindness of love that makes us see no faults in the other.
You know how sometimes you meet someone and you feel like you've known them your whole life?Well, I feel like I've loved you my whole life.
Come into my world. I will show you the phenomenon that Stendhal experienced. I will help you feel the cascading arpeggios of Wagner's overture. I will dance to Doga’s waltzes with you. A day spent without appreciating the beauty surrounding us is a waste. Let me appreciate you
Love can bless you with a sense of purpose and direction when all else fails. Because to have faith in love is to be optimistic about life. Love is hopefulness.
Lovers dream of one more embrace.One more kiss.One act of love, no matter how small.For in loving, lover and belovedemptied themselves.Now, they look for their oasislike men engulfed in flames.Even filled to the brim, they will never satiate. For they continue to leak, thesecracked vessels.How else did love seep through?
To live with you is to live.To live without you is to die.
I have no use for these other loves.Seal them shut in jarsand place them in the pantry. A reserve of love.Thank them for their love.They are so kind.Perhaps store them in the fridgeFor others to take.They say love is a panacea. I know it is not.Flakes of snow,no two are alike.When I am down on my knees, hopeless and angry,for the world no longer makes sense,I won't look in the pantry or fridge.It is your hand pressing on my shoulderthat makes me whole,makes me forget.What trouble? What world?
Being called ‘love’ or ‘my love’ by someone doesn’t necessarily mean that you are loved or even liked by them.
The most important people are the once who loved me when i was hardly likable
Fell in love first,Fell in love quickly—Like I was pushed.Fell in love next,Fell in love slowly—Like I was strolling.Falling in love now And feeling crazy.Thinking of closing my eyesAnd jumping.
My love affair with nature is so deep that I am not satisfied with being a mere onlooker, or nature tourist. I crave a more real and meaningful relationship. The spicy teas and tasty delicacies I prepare from wild ingredients are the bread and wine in which I have communion and fellowship with nature, and with the Author of that nature.
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
Just imagine, how much easier our lives would be if we were born with a ‘user guide or owner’s manual’ which could tell us what to eat and how to live healthy.
I am more of an herb guy than a spice guy. It comes back to a certain conservatism I have regarding food. The French are not big on spices; they use more herbs. I know the spices used in European cooking and use them in moderation. I am not going to serve a dish that is wildly nutmegged!" David Waltuck, Chanterelle NYC
Just because it’s natural doesn’t mean you can be as stupid as you want with it.
Through knowing death we can hold a beacon of love for every moment that has just passed, for every friend who has lost a friend, for every child who has lost a parent, for every parent who has lost a child; for any suffering anywhere.
Charantia. Bitter herbs. Bitter.
He dipped his fork into the layers of eggplant and cheese. Moments later, it seemed to detonate in his mouth. The pasta, he now realized, had simply been a curtain raiser, carbohydrate to take the edge off his hunger, but this new dish was something else, teasing his appetite awake again, the intensity of the flavors bringing to life taste buds he had never even known existed. The cheese tasted so completely of cheese, the eggplant so rich and earthy, almost smoky; the herbs so full of flavor, requiring only a mouthful of wine to finish them off... He paused reverently and drank, then dug again with his fork.The secondo was followed by a simple dessert of sliced pears baked with honey and rosemary. The flesh of the fruit looked as crisp and white as something Michelangelo might have carved with, but when he touched his spoon to it, it turned out to be as meltingly soft as ice cream. Putting it in his mouth, he was at first aware only of a wonderful, unfamiliar taste, a cascade of flavors which gradually broke itself down into its constituent parts. There was the sweetness of the honey, along with a faint floral scent from the abundant Vesuviani blossom on which the bees had fed. Then came the heady, sunshine-filled fragrance of the herbs, and only after that, the sharp tang of the fruit itself.By the time the pears were eaten, both jugs of wine had been emptied too.
The classic recipes are goat, lamb, vegetable, and/or chicken biriyani. But when I was in New Orleans, at this restaurant, they served Louisiana barbecue shrimp, which was simply delicious. When I asked the waiter what was in the shrimp sauce, he rattled off a number of spices (rosemary, thyme, basil, oregano, et cetera) and so, I went with memory.I marinated the raw prawns in mashed garlic, rosemary, basil, oregano, thyme, sage, paprika, black pepper, white pepper, cayenne, and onion powder, along with a dash of Worcestershire sauce.I decided to cook the rice in the pressure cooker, added crushed cloves, cardamom, and cinnamon, and a bay leaf for a minute or so. Then I added some onions and fried until the onions became golden brown. Then went in the rice, and enough water, and I closed the pressure cooker. The rice was ready in ten minutes. In a separate pan, I sautéed the marinated prawns in butter, along with extra chopped garlic and the marinade, and added them to the cooked rice. I garnished it with chopped fresh coriander and voilà, Cajun prawn biriyani. I served it with some regular cucumber  raita.Mama had been so sure that Daddy would hate prawns but I saw him clean out each one on his plate and even get a second helping. Sometimes we forget why we don't like some things and then when we try them again, we realize that we had been wrong.
This sweetnessscoopedlike some bright fruitplum peach apricotwatermelon perhapsfrom myselfthis sweetnessIt is a whimsical touch, which surprises and troubles me. That this stony and prosaic woman should in her secret moments harbor such thoughts. For she was sealed from us- from everyone- with such fierceness that I had thought her incapable of yielding.I never saw her cry. She rarely smiled, and then only in the kitchen with her palette of flavors at her fingertips, talking to herself (so I thought) in the same toneless mutter, enunciating the names of herbs and spices- cinnamon, thyme, peppermint, coriander, saffron, basil, lovage- running a monotonous commentary. See the tile. Has to be the right heat. Too low, the pancake is soggy. Too high, the butter fries black, smokes, the pancake crisps. I understood because I saw in our kitchen seminars the one way in which I might win a little of her approval, and because every good war needs the occasional amnesty. Country recipes from her native Brittany were her favorites; the buckwheat pancakes we ate with everything, the far breton and kouign amann and galette bretonne that we sold in downriver Angers with our goat's cheeses and our sausage and fruit.
They sat under a walnut tree on wooden benches draped with kilims and soon the table was covered with small dishes of yogurt, olives cured with angelica, eggplant and whey cooked to a silky paste, piles of basil, cilantro, and tarragon, and a pitcher of doogh, the tangy yogurt drink spiked with mint
Alone in the kitchen, without Zod's supervision, he found himself turning to the wholesome food of his childhood, not only for the comfort the simple compositions offered, but because it was what he knew so well as he set about preparing a homecoming feast for Zod's only son. He pulled two kilos of java beans from the freezer. Gathered last May, shucked and peeled on a quiet afternoon, they defrosted in a colander for a layered frittata his mother used to make with fistfuls of dill and sprinkled with sea salt. One flat of pale green figs and a bushel of new harvest walnuts were tied to the back of his scooter, along with two crates of pomegranates- half to squeeze for fresh morning juice and the other to split and seed for rice-and-meatball soup. Three fat chickens pecked in the yard, unaware of their destiny as he sharpened his cleaver. Tomorrow they would braise in a rich, tangy stew with sour red plums, their hearts and livers skewered and grilled, then wrapped in sheets of lavash with bouquets of tarragon and mint. Basmati rice soaked in salted water to be steamed with green garlic and mounds of finely chopped parsley and cilantro, then served with a whole roasted, eight kilo white fish stuffed with barberries, pistachios, and lime. On the farthest burner, whole bitter oranges bobbed in blossom syrup, to accompany rice pudding, next to a simmering pot of figs studded with cardamom pods for preserves.
Livia could have made a sugo blindfold- she had been making it almost every day for years. The only difficulty was, there were as many different kinds of sugo as there were days in a month. There was the everyday version, which might be no more than a handful of ripe tomatoes squashed with the tip of a knife to release the juices, then quickly fried in oil. There was the classic version, in which the tomatoes were simmered along with some garlic and onions until they had reduced to a thick, pulpy stew. Then there was a richer version, in which pieces of meat were cooked for several hours to extract all the flavor, and so on all the way up to ragù del guardaporte, the gatekeeper's sauce, so called because it required someone to sit by it all day, adding little splashes of water to stop the rolls of meat stuffed with parsley, garlic and cheese from drying out.
In the pantry she found a jug of olive oil, several bulbs of garlic and onion, some ripe tomatoes, half a lemon, several dates, a big cabbage, some rice, jars of cardamom, tea, pepper, green wheat, sugar, turmeric, salt, nutmeg, fenugreek, dried mint, saffron, cinnamon, oregano, sumac, lentils, and powdered coffee. And behind all this, glowing and sweating, smooth and satiny, black as onyx and fat as a baby, she found an eggplant.Aunt Camille held it up high in the air with both hands like a midwife holds the newly caught infant and announced, "The answer to our prayers!"Thus ensued some scooping and scraping, some slicing and dicing, some stuffing and some baking. She found a few raisins here, a few pine nuts there, did some frying in aliya- the fat of the lamb's tail. She had to experiment a bit with the heat in that fire-hold- and before you knew it, there was a magnificent dish of stuffed eggplant presented on a cobalt-blue glass platter.The fragrance of the dish filled the kitchen and wafted around them as she carried the platter through the forest to the jinn. He hadn't stopped his prayers once in all this time, but as Aunt Camille drew closer, the rich, garlicky, buttery, nuttery, eggplanty flavor swirled around his head until he felt his senses would be lifted right out of his body.
The cuisine of Northern Iran, overlooked and underrated, is unlike most Persian food in that it's unfussy and lighthearted as the people from that region. The fertile seaside villages of Mazandaran and Rasht, where Soli grew up before moving to the congested capital, were lush with orchards and rice fields. His father had cultivated citrus trees and the family was raised on the fruits and grains they harvested.Alone in the kitchen, without Zod's supervision, he found himself turning to the wholesome food of his childhood, not only for the comfort the simple compositions offered, but because it was what he knew so well as he set about preparing a homecoming feast for Zod's only son. He pulled two kilos of fava beans from the freezer. Gathered last May, shucked and peeled on a quiet afternoon, they defrosted in a colander for a layered frittata his mother used to make with fistfuls of dill and sprinkled with sea salt. One flat of pale green figs and a bushel of new harvest walnuts were tied to the back of his scooter, along with two crates of pomegranates- half to squeeze for fresh morning juice and the other to split and seed for rice-and-meatball soup. Three fat chickens pecked in the yard, unaware of their destiny as he sharpened his cleaver. Tomorrow they would braise in a rich, tangy stew with sour red plums, their hearts and livers skewered and grilled, then wrapped in sheets of lavash with bouquets of tarragon and mint. Basmati rice soaked in salted water to be steamed with green garlic and mounds of finely chopped parsley and cilantro, then served with a whole roasted, eight kilo white fish stuffed with barberries, pistachios, and lime. On the farthest burner, whole bitter oranges bobbed in blossom syrup, to accompany rice pudding, next to a simmering pot of figs studded with cardamom pods for preserves.
Steam inhalation is a lovely way to take in the goodness offered by some herbs.
The classic chutneys are coriander, mint, and chili. Everyone makes those chutneys, and oh yes, let's not forget the tamarind chutney that every Indian restaurant will serve in watery portions. But I don't want to make or eat classic chutneys.I was lucky Mama had dried apricot in that pantry of hers. My God, but she has stuff in there. She even has a small bottle of red caviar. Mama would never eat caviar ("Raw fish eggs? Why would anyone want to eat that?"), but it's there nevertheless along with the now indispensable bottle of chipotle chili peppers.Soaking the apricots in water seemed a good way to make them mushy but soaking them in sugar water seemed like an even better idea. It would make the chutney sweet. Surveying the fridge, my eye caught the ginger. Mama buys big chunks of ginger. Lots of garlic and ginger in her food. Maybe not garlic in the chutney, but definitely ginger. Lots of ginger for a sharp tangy taste. What else? I saw the mint. Mama's prized little herb pot. Tearing away the mint, ah, now that was a special treat. Anything else? Of course, the chipotle chili peppers to give the chutney a smoky flavor.Take the apricot, ginger, garlic, peppers, and salt (I added the apricot syrup in small quantities as well, depending upon how liquid I wanted the chutney to be, not too liquid) and blend it to a pulp.The chutney is best savored when licked from a plate!
When I pulled the tall, narrow door open, a barrage of smells assaulted me. First a sweet blend of cinnamon and cloves with earthy undertones of thyme and oregano, then a piney whiff of rosemary and a heady punch of basil. The pungent mix stunned me, and I stood still, letting it envelop me. Equally dazzling was the knowledge that many of those spices had come from remote parts of the world. They were previous commodities carried over deserts and mountains and oceans, too expensive for any but the richest kitchens.
Load the sailboat with bottles of white wine, olive oil, fishing rods, and yeasty, dark-crusted bread. Work your way carefully out of the narrow channels of the Cabras port on the western shore of Sardinia. Set sail for the open seas.Navigate carefully around the archipelago of small boats fishing for sea bass, bream, squid. Steer clear of the lines of mussel nets swooping in long black arcs off the coastline. When you spot the crumbling stone tower, turn the boat north and nuzzle it gently into the electric blue-green waters along ancient Tharros. Drop anchor.Strip down to your bathing suit. Load into the transport boat and head for shore. After a swim, make for the highest point on the peninsula, the one with the view of land and sea and history that will make your knees buckle. Stay focused. You're not here to admire the sun-baked ruins of one of Sardinia's oldest civilizations, a five-thousand-year-old settlement that wears the footprints of its inhabitants- Phoenicians, Greeks, Romans- like the layers of a cake. You're here to pick herbs growing wildly among the ancient tombs and temples, under shards of broken vases once holding humans' earliest attempts at inebriation. Taste this! Like peppermint, but spicy. And this! A version of wild lemon thyme, perfect with seafood. Pluck a handful of  finocchio marino,sea fennel, a bright burst of anise with an undertow of salt.Withfinocchioin fist, reboard the transport vessel and navigate toward the closest buoy. Grab the bright orange plastic, roll it over, and scrape off the thicket of mussels growing beneath. Repeat with the other buoys until you have enough mussels to fill a pot.In the belly of the boat, bring the dish together: Scrub the mussels. Bring a pot of seawater to a raucous boil and drop in the spaghetti- cento grammi a testa. While the pasta cooks, blanch a few handfuls of the wild fennel to take away some of the sting. Remove the mussels from their shells and combine with sliced garlic, a glass of seawater, and a deluge of peppery local olive oil in a pan. Take the pasta constantly, checking for doneness. (Don't you dare overcook it!) When only the faintest resistance remains in the middle, drain and add to the pan of mussels. Move the pasta fast and frequently with a pair of tongs, emulsifying the water and mussel juice with the oil. Keep stirring and drizzling in oil until a glistening sheen forms on the surface of the pasta. This is called la mantecatura, the key to all great seafood pastas, so take the time to do it right.
I followed the chef to the circular herb garden with relief. Here were familiar plants with gentle smells: thyme, dill, mint, basil, and others equally benign. He asked me to identify the ones I knew and gave me a brief dissertation on their uses: Dill was good with fish, thyme complemented veal, mint went well with fruit, and basil was perfect for the dreaded love apples. He plucked two large mint leaves with purplish undersides, placed one on his tongue, and gave me the other. We came to rest on a curved stone bench in the middle of the garden, and we sat there sucking on fresh mint, him enjoying the breeze, and me awaiting the judgement that must be coming.He continued his lecture on herbs. He talked about the subtlety of bay laurel, the many varieties of thyme, and the use of edible flowers as garnishes.
The loin of Cinta Senese had been sitting in the cold room, begging to be cooked. I'd shown it to Filippo- This is our supper, I'd said, and he'd replied that supper was too far away, and didn't the painters deserve the best, serving God as they did? So I'd grabbed it, along with some garlic, thyme, rosemary, peppercorns and nutmeg. Surely they'd have salt at the studio... Filippo had bought some onions, a flask of milk and a hunk of prosciutto on the way. I hunted around in the small, chaotic niche where the artists kept their food and discovered a dusty flask of olive oil. Sniffing it dubiously, I found it was quite fresh: the dark green oil from the hills behind Arezzo. In Florence we almost always cooked in lard, oil would do in a pinch.The kiln was lit but not being used for anything, and the fire was dying down. I threw some pieces of oak onto it, chopped the onions and the ham with a borrowed knife, cut the loin away from the ribs. The artists had a trivet and some old pans which they used to cook with every now and again, though mostly they lived on pies from the cook-shop up the street. There was an earthenware pot with a cracked lid, which seemed clean enough. I put it on the trivet, poured in a good stream of the green oil, browned the meat in its wrapping of fatty rind. Sandro gave up a cup of white wine, unwillingly, which I threw over the pork. When it had cooked off, I crushed two big cloves of garlic and added them along with the rosemary I had brought, and a handful of thyme. The milk had just foamed, and I poured it over the meat. The air filled with a rich, creamy, meaty waft.
At the far end of our plot he'd cleared a little square patch of land and planted herbs: thyme, rosemary, parsley, coriander, chives, sage and mint. I asked him if he was worried they'd be polluted by the city air. "You're all polluted yourselves," he said, but without animosity, not judgmental. "You breathe the air, what difference does it make if you eat it? It's already inside you." At night I used to visit our vegetable patch with a torch. I would crouch down with my feet on the bare earth and watch the velvety sage leaves catching the moisture, covering themselves in it, soaking it up. The rosemary held up its tiny daggers in the darkness as if trying to burst bubbles of water hovering just above the ground. And the tall tubes of chives, the spiky, green, seriously weird hair-style of a subterranean onion reaching upwards. Thyme crawled over the soil, like a detachment of the Resistance, grouped together, efficient, close-knit. I used to stay there thinking, resting. I liked being with plants, they're neutral, they don't talk, don't hear anything, have no longings or needs.
Pots hung from the ceiling beams, between the festoons of braided garlic, the hams, the salsicce, bunches of mountain herbs for medicine, strings of dried porcini, necklaces of dried apple rings in winter, chains of dried figs. The smell of onions, of hot lard and smoldering oak wood, of cinnamon and pepper, always seemed to hang in the air. The larder was full of meat at all times, needless to say: not small pieces, but huge joints and sides of beef and lamb, which Mamma and Carenza could never hope to use just for our household, and which were quietly passed on to the monks of Santa Croce so that they could feed the poor. Carenza made salami with fennel seeds and garlic, prosciutto, pancetta. Sometimes the air in the larder was so salty that it stung your nostrils, and sometimes it reeked of spoiled blood from the garlands of hares, rabbits, quail, thrushes and countless other creatures that would arrive, bloody and limp, from Papa's personal game dealer.Next to the larder, a door led out to our courtyard, which Mamma had kept filled with herbs. An ancient rosemary bush took up most of one side, and the air in summer was always full of bees. Sage, thyme, various kinds of mint, oregano, rocket, hyssop, lovage and basil grew in Mamma's collection of old terra-cotta pots. A fig tree was slowly pulling down the wall, and a tenacious, knotted olive tree had been struggling for years in the sunniest corner.
There were the subtle malts and brans of the crust and the pallid no-taste of good old Florentine bread. The snaking sour-sweet of the beef, like a slab of porphyry shot through with crystalline onion sugars, salt and soil-rolled toffee carrots; sparks of bitter thyme and mint oils; the velvet honeycomb of fat;
The difference between Hindu cuisine and Muslim cuisine is very easy to explain. In Kashmir the Hindus avoid sexy onions and garlic; they love the taste of heeng (asafetida) and the non-incestuous fennel and ginger. Muslims find heeng (and its sulfurous odor) unbearable. They adore garlic, green praans, garam masala, and on certain occasions, mawal flowers.
Can you name me these ingredients?" Chef Amadí points to the different herbs and spices. "I can see that you know," she says. And I do know.I pick up the large leaf and sniff it. It's smaller than the type we use back home but I'd know that scent anywhere. "That one's bay leaf," I say. "And that seed is cardamom."She nods and shoots me a wink.She moves us to a different station and opens a container where several large octopi chill on beds of ice. I've never worked with octopus and I'm fascinated by the vibrant red color of the skin and the slippery feeling of it in my hands. She demonstrates with a knife how to slice through the octopus tentacles that she will marinate for grilling.
As she drank, she closed her eyes and tried to imagine she was drinking her grandmother's porridge. What she wouldn't give for a hot bowl of fish congee, sprinkled with green scallions and topped with a dollop of sesame oil! She'd even have willingly downed one of her mother's herbal soups; Fa Li used to make red sage soup almost every day when Mulan was growing up. How she'd hated the smell and pungent taste. She used to pick out the chopped pieces of the root and chew on the sweet wolfberries instead.She missed home so much.
Thus a dish of tench and eel was arranged so that the pointed head of the eels, gills splayed, thrust through a sea of delicate yellow sauce (toasted breadcrumbs, red wine and vinegar, more red wine reduced to defrutum, long pepper, grains of paradise, cloves, all passed through a sieve and tinted with saffron) towards the gaping lips of the tench. A plate of grilled partridges was presented with the birds still spitted from arsenal to beak, the spits radiating out from a magnificent cockerel, skinned, roasted and recloaked in its feathers, tail and red-combed head; the whole arranged on an armature so that it raised one leg and crowed at the ceiling. Inside the hollow body of the cockerel I had arranged a small silver alembic, its narrow end, no wider than a stalk of grass (I had borrowed it from an alchemist I knew through the Academy) protruding from the beak, and below it a tiny spirit lamp, which I lit as the serving men were already taking the dish away. The alembic was filled with Greco wine tinted with the milk of almonds, and I calculated that the wine would boil more or less when the dish was set on the table, and jet from the proud cock, showering the skewered partridges in aromatic white sauce.There were the ripest figs, all splitting, of course, served with boiled crayfish- as eager, these bright red fellows, to explore the figs as the eels had been curious about the tench- and torte of rucola and pine nuts, liberally spiced with garlic and cloves.
Roux flung a handful of dried shavings on to the embers of his fire; the scent was sharp and immediate, lemon grass and lavender, sage and applewood and pine, like the campfires of my childhood.
What is it?" Her interest piqued by the heavenly aroma."Delicious," I said. I could have told her it was soup made up of parsley, spinach, dill, sautéed onions, thin noodles, chickpeas, kidney beans, dried yogurt, dried mint, garlic, oil, and salt, but why spoil the surprise?
Her happiness floated like waves of ocean along the coast of her life. She found lyrics of her life in his arms but she never sung her song.
You never really know what's coming. A small wave, or maybe a big one. All you can really do is hope that when it comes, you can surf over it, instead of drown in its monstrosity.
Come with me into the woods where spring isadvancing, as it does, no matter what,not being singular or particular, but oneof the forever gifts, and certainly visible.
Always respect Mother Nature. Especially when she weighs 400 pounds and is guarding her baby.
I hate it when storm clouds roll in, heralded by dazzling claps of thunder and lightning that boast an ocean of tears. This majestic performance of bad temper manages to overshadow my pathetic attempts at pouting. No one broods like Mother Nature, hence she steals all the attention I was sulking after.
Mother nature is a fickle and forgetful bitch," she snapped. "She needs a helping hand and I am trying to hurry her along for their sake.
Sleep is the single most effective thing we can do to reset our brain and body health each day -- Mother Nature's best effort yet at contra-death.
Nature has a way of evening the odds.
Our Mother feedeth thus our little life, That we may in turn feed her with our death
Autumn is the time of year when Mother Nature says, “Look how easy, how healthy, and how beautiful letting go can be.
Woods are grim places. Farmers shoot squirrels, crows, magpies, and hang them up on trees to warn Mother Nature to get it together or else. Much notice she takes, being in league with God. They're a right pair, more carnage than the rest of us put together.
She is soft, but knows when to stand her ground. Natural disasters aren't a mistake. They're not just a big ol' whoopsy that happened when Mother Nature and Source were planning their calendars out. Mother nature is intentional. Everything about her is intentional. Every rainfall, is intentional. Every sunny day, is intentional. Every storm, is intentional and every natural disaster is intentional. She will roar when she needs, when she needs us to take a closer look. That's what natural disasters are. She won't rob us of our opportunity to rise up together- that's our evolution and she's not gonna do our dirty (epic) work for us. But she will nudge us. And she does nudge us. Do you notice? If we don't do our best to take care of global warming, the tides will rise and beach side cities will be wiped. Perhaps our kids or our kids' kids won't ever see the glaciers of today. She's not gonna cover up for us, but she will love us on our journey and gives us clues and signs. It's up to us to pay attention.
Storms are nature's way of evening out the odds.
...animal imagery [is] an important reminder to listen to nature and seek guidance in her voice rather than relying entirely on the cold intelligence of man.
Mother Nature made continents. Human beings made countries.
What if the whole world just held hands?United as one Those who opposed, fell offDisintegrated into the sunThe only thing left of evil was ash The only thing left on earth was people with passionHeart for Mother NatureCaring for their fellow human beingCommon considerate behavior Contribution towards humane higher plane of consciousness
You are a God O brave-heart – never forget that. Have faith – not in an imaginary monkey up there – but in the powers vested in you by Mother Nature.
Sometimes, life becomes a painting all by itself.
Carlsbad Caverns National Park is best described as living artwork.
The leaves of her stone book have written on their pages, not merely the records of death, but likewise of pain.
Nations who respect the Mother Nature deserve all kinds of respect!
Providing food, shelter, clothing and education is not enough any more, because all of this would have no meaning in the end, if your children do not have a planet to live on with health and prosperity.
Mother Nature is a master sculptor and in no place is that more evident than at Arches National Park.
You have been obsessed with entertainment for so long, that you have almost gone blind to the obvious signs of distress that Mother Earth has been sending for decades.
Mother Nature is a self-taught engineer.
Remember how you played in these orchards as young girls?" Willo asked Deana and Sam.Deana turned to look at Sam, and the two smiled. "We do," they said at the same time.These orchards had been their playground as girls.Sam slowed even more and studied the orchards carefully.I ran, played hide-and-seek, caught fireflies, scaled trees, picked apples and peaches straight off the tree, launched pits from slingshots, and danced in the sprinkles here. Sam thought. Moreover, I learned about plants and science: I understood the seasons, when to plant trees and seeds, how to nurture them and protect them from insects, what to feed the deer in winter and the hummingbirds in summer.Sam again thought of her grandpa.If we're good to Mother Nature, she will be good to us, he always used to tell her. Same goes for people.
It doesn’t get much greener than essential oils: when used correctly, they are among Mother Nature’s most potent remedies.
Want to solve global warming! Ditch the car and ride a bike instead.
No one weaves the exquisite quite like Mother Nature.
Every turkey sold in every store and served in every restaurant was the product of artificial insemination. If it were only for efficiency, that would be one thing, but these animals literally can’t reproduce naturally. Tell me what could be sustainable about that?
Mother Nature is the mother of all mothers, so let's congratulate her too on Mothers Day today!
Mother Nature is always one step ahead when it comes to beauty. She's quite the artist.
Games give you a chance to excel, and if you're playing in good company you don't even mind if you lose because you had the enjoyment of the company during the course of the game.
One of the most difficult tasks men can perform, however much others may despise it, is the invention of good games.
If I was feeling depressed or frustrated about my lot in life, all I had to do was tap the Player One button, and my worries would instantly slip away as my mind focused itself on the relentless pixelated onslaught on the screen in front of me. There, inside the game's two-dimensional universe, life was simple: It's just you against the machine. Move with your left hand, shoot with your right, and try to stay alive as long as possible.
Dear Nintendo, We need a new Mario game, where you rescue the princess in the first ten minutes, and for the rest of the game you try and push down that sick feeling in your stomach that she’s ‘damaged goods’, a concept detailed again and again in the profoundly sex negative instruction booklet, and when Luigi makes a crack about her and Bowser, you break his nose and immediately regret it. When Peach asks you, in the quiet of her mushroom castle bedroom ‘do you still love me?’ you pretend to be asleep. You press the A button rhythmically, to control your breath, keep it even.
After that, we had a short conversation about how your body can sometimes seem totally separate. She said her body can feel like a distant bureaucracy controlled by telegrams from her brain, and I said my body is sometimes like that of Mario Mario, being controlled with a Nintendo joypad. Mario's surname is Mario.
There's gotta be a way out of this dungeon."- G. Gygax
In her experience, there were only two kinds of guys: the ones into sports and the ones into video gaming. It seemed guys had to be obsessed with something, whether it was watching a game or playing in it or keeping some weird collection related to it.
In 2015 a sixth-grade girl named Madeline Messer analyzed the fifty most popular 'endless runner game' apps and found that 98 percent came with built-in boy characters, compared with only 46 percent that offered girl characters. The real kicker, however, was that in 90 percent of the games, the male characters were free, whereas 85 percent of the games charged extra for the ability to select a female character. This is a simple but telling example of the ways children learn to think that masculine = normal; male = standard; boys = human; and girls = have to pay.
Odavno sam naučio – nisu svi koji se smeju srećni, niti su svi uplakani tužni.
When a Dragon, an Elf, and a Human walk into a bar, the Human is always going to be the punch line.
Who needs sports stardom when you can shoot fireballs from your fingertips?
Disengage,” she whispered, pulling the red tab on her wristband. Immediately Avery’s weapons were rendered inactive and she became invisible to everyone in the augmented reality game, able to do nothing except walk back to the staging room until she reactivated. It was like she wasn’t even there, like she’d suddenly erased herself. Which was exactly how she felt.
Dungeons &amp; Dragons was like that. Forget that half the kids in school probably went around slaying dragons and stashing loot on their PlayStations or iPads. It's different when you actually have to roll the dice.
After making all the mistakes, every player has a chance to turn the outcome of the game around by making the right moves next.
There's no one without purpose in a game. That's what Gamification is all about.
Buy wireless gaming Headphone online cosonic, foldable flashing cat, LUPUSS G1 wired, mini wireless and many more types of headphones and enjoy your fun time without any harm.
My guild decided to advance to a more complicated part of the game, which moved me from gaming hobbyist to full-time addicted employee of World of Warcraft.
A group of adventurers is known as a "party," and not just because they like to celebrate their success together in the end. Your party should be as close to you as your family--assuming your family can cast spells, kill monsters, and bring you back from the edge of death.
We'd be the Joystick Order. Out motto would be High Score for One, Pizza for All.
You have not seen desperation and helplessness till you have seen a man hopeless in love. Of course, unless you have seen a gamer.
Behind every screen there is someone controlling you. And he is not your father.
The only boundaries for you are those, you place in yourself.
You have to gain experience to level up
An hour after they’d left the clearing, a heavy layer of fog filled the valley like a moist blanket. The trees grew into amorphous shapes, mountains gone. Ash stopped dead in his tracks. He stared into the forest with wide eyes. “Whoa! D’you see that?!” Vale jerked to a stop. “What? Where?!” “There in the trees.” He pointed into the forest to where the rainy undergrowth grew thick with a hazy veil of grey-white mist. “The haze.”“What about it?”“Looks like game lag. But like… real lag. Real life lag.” Ash grinned at her, his brown eyes sparkling. “Like the forest is supposed to be there, but it’s not totally loaded by the computer yet.”“That’s going to be trouble.”“Why?”Vale nodded to where Ash knew the mountaintops should be, but were no longer visible, caught in an otherworldly lag. “It means we can’t see the mountains.”“So?”“So we can’t see where we are going anymore.”Ash frowned. “Er… yeah.” “C’mon. Let’s keep walking.
The Gears of War are turning... You have 2 choices; Either move out of the way, or be Crushed by our Might.
Dustin Be Like OOF
I thought to myself, “if tabletop RPGs were simpler, I might actually buy and play them.
On the one hand we have the playing mind—innovative, magical, boundless. On the other is the gaming mind—concentrated, determined, intelligent. And on the hand that holds them both together we have the notion of playing well.
Ash bumped her shoulder. “Hey, Vale. I got a joke for you.” She smiled. “Okay.”“What do you do when the world champion of Scrolls of the Illuminati knocks on your door?”“I…” Vale giggled. “I have no idea.”“You say ‘well done, sir!’ then pay the man for the pizza!” Ash cracked up at his own joke and a moment later, Vale began to laugh too. For a few seconds, it felt like everything was normal again.
Ashton Hamid hated hiking. He hated the woods. Hated the whole insistence on “real life experiences” and “survival” and “nature” in general. He took another step, wincing as the blister on his heel throbbed. THIS is why I prefer V.R.! The trees grew close together here, and the trail on which he and Vale hiked wove in and out of them like a ribbon. He squinted into the forest. If Vale wasn’t leading, he’d have no idea where to go. The trail was little more than a muddy path.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players;They have their exits and their entrances,And one man in his time plays many parts,His acts being seven ages. At first, the infant,Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms.Then the whining schoolboy, with his satchelAnd shining morning face, creeping like snailUnwillingly to school. And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow. Then a soldier,Full of strange oaths and bearded like the pard,Jealous in honor, sudden and quick in quarrel,Seeking the bubble reputationEven in the cannon's mouth. And then the justice,In fair round belly with good capon lined,With eyes severe and beard of formal cut,Full of wise saws and modern instances;And so he plays his part. The sixth age shiftsInto the lean and slippered pantaloon,With spectacles on nose and pouch on side;His youthful hose, well saved, a world too wideFor his shrunk shank, and his big manly voice,Turning again toward childish treble, pipesAnd whistles in his sound. Last scene of all,That ends this strange eventful history,Is second childishness and mere oblivion,Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.
When we are born, we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools.
All the world's a stage.
My friends joke that I’m dead until I get onstage. I’m dead right now as you’re speaking to me.
The stage is a magic circle where only the most real things happen, a neutral territory outside the jurisdiction of Fate where stars may be crossed with impunity. A truer and more real place does not exist in all the universe.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
Happiness was useless to me. It was heartache that filled my purse. What happy man has need of Shakespeare?
The stage lost a fine actor, even as science lost an acute reasoner, when [Holmes] became a specialist in crime.
Kelley. Your name is Kelley, isn't it?" He didn't wait for her confirmation. "Yes. Well. Tell me...that bit just now...was that from Dante's Inferno?"Uh...no," Kelley stammered. Her face felt hot.Really?"I'm in for it.Are you sure?" he continued. "Because it most certainly wasn't from this play. And it bloody well sounded like hell.
I am not interested in living in a city where there isn't a production by Samuel Beckett running.
On those nights, the words were for me alone. They came up unbidden from my heart. They spilled over my tongue and spilled out my mouth. And because of them, I, who was nothing and nobody, was a prince of Denmark, a maid of Verona, a queen of Egypt. I was a sour misanthrope, a beetling hypocrite, a conjurer's daughter, a mad and murderous king.
One difference between poetry and lyrics is that lyrics sort of fade into the background. They fade on the page and live on the stage when set to music.
That's the beautiful thing about innocence; even monsters have a pocketful of childhood memories with which to seek comfort with.
If you have a rifle, hanging on the wall in the first act, it should fire in the last act”.
Totus mundus agit histrionem. (All the World's a Stage.)"[Motto of William Shakespeare's Globe Theatre (f. 1599) and its acting company, The King's Men; taken from the first play to be performed on the new stage.]
My mother said I should have a 'change of scenery.' The word scenery made be think of a play. And as we were driving around, it made sense that way. Because no matter how much the scenery changed, we were still on the same stage.
They were all dressed in their finest as though life really were some magical stage play in which every moment ought to be illuminated with its own bright spotlight.
It was a wonderful life. To have a stage play right in this room, with real people acting real parts.
With God, brokenness is nothing more than the stage upon which the impossible is about to happen.
Remember - your “pulpit” is the immediate territory of influence around you! (It’s not about the stage - it’s about the people around you!)
Honest to God, this is the absolute best kind of moment. The auditorium lights are off except for ones over the stage, and we're all bright eyed and giggle-drunk. I fall a little bit in love with everyone.
I spend a tremendous amount of time carefully choosing the roles I wish to play so that I can run from the role I was born to play. And if I keep on doing that, I will eventually set foot in my grave never having set foot on the stage.
if somebody doesn't have any talent, get off the stage! you're wasting my time.
Three noble heads cut off in sacrifice for her. But nothing - nothing - can deter the jostling swarms of madmen, pushing forth to jump into the abyss - to waste their lives - for her. And every day the scaffolds heave to hang the new - and newer - martyrs for her cause. Black day that England ever welcomed her.
The play takes place on a ramp, hanging from a ramp, below a ramp, and to the sides of a ramp.
Dance like the whole world is your stage and every day is your debut.
LEWIS. There's nothing in this world can make me joy. Life is as tedious as a twice-told tale Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man; And bitter shame hath spoil'd the sweet world's taste, That it yields nought but shame and bitterness.
I grabbed the mic and walked towards the stage. They said, “Knock them dead, Steve!”I replied, “They’re already dead...I’m about to knock them ALIVE!
The four stages of mental illness: 1. Awareness. 2. Denial 3. Acceptance. 4. Adaptation.
Muhammad has always been standing higher than the Christianity. He does not consider god as a human being and never makes himself equal to God. Muslims worship nothing except God and Muhammad is his Messenger. There is no any mystery and secret in it.
تبسمك في وجه أخيك صدقة، وأمرك بالمعروف صدقة ونهيك عن المنكر صدقة، وإرشادك الرجل في أرض الضلال لك صدقة، ونصرك الرجل الرديء البصر لك صدقة، وإماطتك الحجر والشوك العظم عن الطريق لك صدقةSmiling in your brother’s face is an act of charity. So is enjoining good and forbidding evil, giving directions to the lost traveller, aiding the blind and removing obstacles from the path.(Graded authentic by Ibn Hajar and al-Albani: Hidaayat-ur-Ruwaah, 2/293)
Like a sculptor, if necessary,carve a friend out of stone.Realize that your inner sight is blindand try to see a treasure in everyone.
If greatness of purpose, smallness of means, and astonishing results are the three criteria of a human genius, who could dare compare any great man in history with Muhammad?
ما يصيب المسلم من نصب ولا وصب ولا همّ ولا حزن ولا أذى ولا غمّ - حتى الشوكة يشاكها - إلا كفّر الله بها مِن خطاياه No fatigue, disease, sorrow, sadness, hurt or distress befalls a Muslim - not even the prick he receives from a thorn - except that Allah expiates some of his sins because of it. (Sahih al-Bukhari, Book 70, #545)
Jerusalem! My Love,My TownI wept until my tears were dryI prayed until the candles flickeredI knelt until the floor creakedI asked about Mohammed and ChristOh Jerusalem, the fragrance of prophetsThe shortest path between earth and skyOh Jerusalem, the citadel of lawsA beautiful child with fingers charredand downcast eyesYou are the shady oasis passed by the ProphetYour streets are melancholyYour minarets are mourningYou, the young maiden dressed in blackWho rings the bells at the Nativity Church, On sunday morning?Who brings toys for the childrenOn Christmas eve?Oh Jerusalem, the city of sorrowA big tear wandering in the eyeWho will halt the aggressionOn you, the pearl of religions?Who will wash your bloody walls?Who will safeguard the Bible?Who will rescue the Quran?Who will save Christ, From those who have killed Christ?Who will save man?Oh Jerusalem my townOh Jerusalem my loveTomorrow the lemon trees will blossomAnd the olive trees will rejoiceYour eyes will danceThe migrant pigeons will returnTo your sacred roofsAnd your children will play againAnd fathers and sons will meetOn your rosy hillsMy townThe town of peace and olives
Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.
من قال عليّ ما لم أقل فليتبوأ مقعده من النارWhoever ascribes to me what I have not said then let him occupy his seat in Hell-fire! (Sahih al-Bukhari, Book 3, #109)
Philosopher, orator, apostle, legislator, warrior, conqueror of ideas, restorer of rational dogmas, of a cult without images, the founder of twenty terrestrial empires and of one spiritual empire: that is MUHAMMAD. As regards all the standards by which human greatness may be measured, we may well ask IS THERE ANY MAN GREATER THAN HE?
Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.
The lies (Western slander) which well-meaning zeal has heaped round this man (Muhammad) are disgraceful to ourselves only.
أجمل ما في الحب بداياته التي تسبق الاعتراف به بشكلٍ صريحٍ.. وأسوأ ما فيه أن تكون له نهاية حتَّى وإن كانت سعيدة.. فالسّعادة يضيعها الملل والاعتياد، وإن حافظ عليها المحبون تبقى كسلعةٍ مُجمدةٍ، فقدت حيويتها وفائدتها، فليت كل العشاق يحبون من البداية إلى البداية!!
Es gibt keinen Gott und Dirac ist sein Prophet. (There is no God and Dirac is his Prophet.){A remark made during the Fifth Solvay International Conference (October 1927), after a discussion of the religious views of various physicists, at which all the participants laughed, including Dirac, as quoted in Teil und das Ganze (1969), by Werner Heisenberg, p. 119; it is an ironic play on the Muslim statement of faith, the Shahada, often translated: 'There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is his Prophet.'}
It is He Who sent down to thee, in truth, the Book (Quran), confirming what went before it; and He sent down the Law (of Moses) and the Gospel (of Jesus) before this, as a guide to mankind, and He sent down the criterion (Quran) (of judgment between right and wrong). - Holy Quran 3:3
Another couplet states, “Without attending any school and without even learning to read, my beloved has become the teacher of thousands of Madrasahs by his mere indications.
I think I have a very good idea why it is that anti-Semitism is so tenacious and so protean and so enduring. Christianity and Islam, theistic though they may claim to be, are both based on the fetishizing of human primates: Jesus in one case and Mohammed in the other. Neither of these figures can be called exactly historical but both have one thing in common even in their quasi-mythical dimension. Both of them were first encountered by the Jews. And the Jews, ravenous as they were for any sign of the long-sought Messiah, were not taken in by either of these two pretenders, or not in large numbers or not for long.If you meet a devout Christian or a believing Muslim, you are meeting someone who would give everything he owned for a personal, face-to-face meeting with the blessed founder or prophet. But in the visage of the Jew, such ardent believers encounter the very figure who did have such a precious moment, and who spurned the opportunity and turned shrugging aside. Do you imagine for a microsecond that such a vile, churlish transgression will ever be forgiven? I myself certainly hope that it will not. The Jews have seen through Jesus and Mohammed. In retrospect, many of them have also seen through the mythical, primitive, and cruel figures of Abraham and Moses. Nearer to our own time, in the bitter combats over the work of Marx and Freud and Einstein, Jewish participants and protagonists have not been the least noticeable. May this always be the case, whenever any human primate sets up, or is set up by others, as a Messiah.
Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
A woman used to perform circumcision in Medina. The Prophet (peace be upon him) said to her: Do not cut severely as that is better for a woman and more desirable for a husband. Sunan Abu Dawud 41:5251
A poet says, “The libraries of how many a nation did that orphan wipe clean who did not even learn how to read?
The message of Islam is by no means a closed value system at variance or conflict with other value systems. From the very start, the Prophet did not conceive the content of his message as the expression of pure otherness versus what the Arabs or the other societies of his time were producing. Islam does not establish a closed universe of reference but rather relies on a set of universal principles that can coincide with the fundamentals and values of other beliefs and religious traditions (even those produced by a polytheistic society such as that of Mecca at the time). Islam is a message of justice that entails resisting oppression and protecting the dignity of the oppressed and the poor, and Muslims must recognize the moral value of a law or contract stipulating this requirement, whoever its authors and whatever the society, Muslim or not. Far from building an allegiance to Islam in which recognition and loyalty are exclusive to the community of faith, the Prophet strove to develop the believer's conscience through adherence to principles transcending closed allegiances in the name of a primary loyalty to universal principles themselves. The last message brings nothing new to the affirmation of the principles of human dignity, justice, and equality: it merely recalls and confirms them. As regards moral values, the same intuition is present when the Prophet speaks of the equalities of individuals before and in Islam: 'The best among you [as to their human and moral qualities] during the era before Islam [al-jahiliyyah] are the best in Islam, provided they understand it [Islam].' The moral value of a human being reaches far beyond belonging to a particular universe of reference; within Islam, it requires added knowledge and understanding in order to grasp properly what Islam confirms (the principle of justice) and what it demands should be reformed (all forms of idol worship).
You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.
The world today is fast becoming one.Humanity is one, God is one and mankind are all part of one human family.all Religions are connected, and they all lead to faith in the one God, no matter what name we give him he is but one God.
His readiness to undergo persecutions for his beliefs, the high moral character of the men who believed in him and looked up to him as leader, and the greatness of his ultimate achievement - all argue his fundamental integrity. To suppose Muhammad an impostor raises more problems than it solves. Moreover, none of the great figures of history is so poorly appreciated in the West as Muhammad
Saying of the ProphetHelping othersI order you to assist any oppressed person, whether he is a Muslim or not.
[The Quran is] a Revelation sent down by al-'Azeez, ar-Raheem." [Yaseen: 5]The Quran is 'azeez (authoritative) and it's from al-'Azeez. And the Prophet is the most merciful human to ever live and was sent as a mercy to mankind from ar-Raheem. It's the perfect message delivered on the tongue of a perfect Messenger (salAllahu alayhi wa sallam).
While people like Hadhrat Uwais Qarni were distant, they remained close to Rasulullaah while people like Abu Jahal were close, yet they remained so far.
Saying of the Prophet. The Bequest: I have nothing to leave you except my family.
Saying of the ProphetTHE PEOPLEIt is the people who are God's family.(Muhammad the Prophet)
Mahound comes to me for revelation, asking me to choose between monotheist and henotheist alternatives, and I'm just some idiot actor having a bhaenchud nightmare, what the fuck do I know, yaar, what to tell you, help. Help.
There has been more bloodshed in the name of God than for any other cause. And it is all because people never attempt to reach the fountain-head. They are content only to comply with the customs of their forefathers and instructions on some books, and want others to do the same. But, to explain God after merely reading the scriptures is like explaining the city of New York after seeing it only in a map.
In a sense Muhammad was less the messenger than the translator, struggling to give human form -- words -- to the ineffable.
Kita semua bisa melakukannya, jika Isra' Mi'raj didefinisikan sebagai perjalanan menuju ruang pemaknaan. Buroqnya? Kesabaran dan pikiran yang terbuka.
By this endeavor the writer's aim is to awaken the people from their slumber like the revivification of a dry tree. So that, the excellences of Aale Muhammad inculcates in the people love for these noble personages and by following their example they may achieve success in this world as well as the hereafter.
The reason for which the book Dalaa’ilul Khayraat was written is well known. The author was once in need of making wudhu when he could not find a rope and bucket to draw water from a well. Seeing his dilemma, a young girl approached the well and spat into it, causing the water to rise to the top. Taken aback, the author asked her the reason for this. She replied that it was because of the blessings of Durood. This then spurred him on to write the book.
Saying of the ProphetAngerYou ask for a piece of advice. I tell you : 'Do not get angry.' He is strong who can withhold anger.
Muhammad was not yet establishing a new religion; he was calling for sweeping social reforms. He was not yet preaching monotheism; he was demanding economic justice.
Muhammad is the greatest man that history ever knew
If we rated greatness by the influence of the great, we will say "Muhammad is the greatest of the great in history
Once you emerge from the state of absolute divinity, the self within you becomes Christ – it becomes Buddha – it becomes Moses – it becomes Krishna. The sage who emerges from the state of non-duality begins to perceive the self as Christ, not Christ as Christ – the self as Moses, not Moses as Moses – the self as Mohammed, not Mohammed as Mohammed – the self as Krishna, not Krishna as Krishna.
Islamic sacred writings reveal all of nature—all anymals—as created and tended by Allah, and destined to be drawn back to the divine. Sacred writings reveal a compassionate Creator; Muhammad models kindness; as viceregents, Muslims are expected to be merciful and compassionate. In Islamic religious traditions, the role of Muslims is one of submission and service to Allah—of tending creation on behalf of the Creator. Each living being is an individual in the Islamic worldview, a devoted servant of Allah, living in her or his separate yet similar community. While we have no rights over other creatures, anymals are granted rights under Islamic law, such as freedom from cruelty and protection during times of war.
Saying of the ProphetObligation to LearnThe pursuit of knowledge is obligatory on every Muslim.
Peri watak dirinya menyata seribu cerita budi pekertinya yang mulia. Katakan apa saja yang boleh dikaitkan dengan sifat budiman maka akan mengenai diri wataknya jua.
Teaching:One hour's teaching is better than a whole night of prayer.Saying of the Prophet
Christ attained the ultimate spiritual oneness through prayer and devotion, Moses and Mohammed through prayer, Buddha and all the Indian sages through intense meditation and so did I. And so can you.
Saying of the ProphetTruthSpeaking the truth to the unjust is the best of holy wars.
El peor de los sabios es el que visita a un príncipe; el mejor príncipe es el que visita a un sabio.
Circumcision is a law for men and a preservation of honor for women." (Ahmad Ibn Hanbal 5:75; Abu Dawud, Adab 167)
Circumcision is obligatory (for every male and female) by cutting off the piece of skin on the glans of the penis of the male, but circumcision of the female is by cutting out the clitoris (this is called Hufaad).
Jahan mein ehle-e-imaan soorat-e-khursheed jeetay hain,Idhar doobey, udhar nikley; udhar doobey, idhar nikleyIn this world, men of faith and self-confidence are like the sun,They go down on one side to come up on the other.
Just like love becomes consummated upon the attainment of orgasm, all the faith and divinity in the world reach their ultimate existential potential upon the attainment of Absolute Unitary Qualia or simply Absolute Godliness.
Saying of the Prophet.Ink and Blood:The ink of the learned is holier than the blood of the martyr.
The worst of sages is a visitor of princes; the best of princes is a visitor of sages.
Saying of the ProphetMonkishnessNo monkery in Islam.
The transcendental state of Absolute Oneness sets the human mind free.
Once you attain the state of Absolute Oneness or Non-Duality, you become one of those spiritual legends that humanity so gloriously venerates as the founding fathers of religion.
Once the lotus of your inner divinity gets full-blown and you reach the mental state where all the religious giants of human history experienced the all-encompassing sense of godliness, the exuberance of the human mind turns infinite. Awakening into that state makes all the perceptual limitations of the mind disappear, just like a bucket of muddy water turns crystal-clear once poured into the ocean.
Saying of the ProphetThe BequestI have nothing to leave you except my family.
Dicho del ProfetaCóleraMe pides un consejo. Yo te digo: no te enfurezcas. Fuerte es aquél que puede contener la cólera.
Sumber yang paling utama sebagai rujukan kesusasteraan spiritual di seluruh dunia Islam itu dan yang paling penting ialah al-Qur'an sendiri, diikuti dengan hadis Rasulullah terutamanya hadis Qudsi dan hadis yang berkaitan dengan fahaman dan doktrin spiritual. Selepas itu fahaman-fahaman metafizikal dan juga kosmologikal, doktrin yang telah dirumus oleh ahli-ahli metafizik Islam dan doktrin para wali Sufi berasaskan sumber keagamaan dan fahaman tradisional yang tidak bercanggah dengan doktrin spiritual kaum Sufi.
Circumcision is one of the Sunnahs of the fitrah, and it is for both males and females, except that is it obligatory for males and Sunnah and good in the case of women.
I am an American; free born and free bred, where I acknowledge no man as my superior, except for his own worth, or as my inferior, except for his own demerit.
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.
It’s not unpatriotic to denounce an injustice committed on our behalf, perhaps it’s the most patriotic thing we can do.
I love my country, not my government.
A man's feet must be planted in his country, but his eyes should survey the world.
You cannot be disciplined in great things and undisciplined in small things. Brave undisciplined men have no chance against the discipline and valour of other men. Have you seen a few policemen handle a crowd?
Patriotism is easy to understand in America; it means looking out for yourself by looking out for your country.
The logic behind patriotism is a mystery. At least a man who believes that his own family or clan is superior to all others is familiar with more than 0.000003% of the people involved.
The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.
Tanah air ada disana, dimana ada cinta dan kedekatan hati, dimana tidak ada manusia menginjak manusia lain.
Our ancestors,” he went on after a while, “took this land. They took it and made it and held it. We do not give up what our ancestors gave us. They came across the sea and they fought here, and they built here and they’re buried here. This is our land, mixed with our blood, strengthened with our bone. Ours!” He was angry, but he was often angry. He glowered at me, as if wondering whether I was strong enough to hold this land of Northumbria that our ancestors had won with sword and spear and blood and slaughter.
Breathes there the man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said, This is my own, my native land.
My CountryI don't have any caps left made back homeNor any shoes that trod your roadsI've worn out your last shirt quite long agoIt was of Sile clothNow you only remain in the whiteness of my hairIntact in my heartNow you only remain in the whiteness of my hairIn the lines of my foreheadMy country-Nazim Hikmet
When will the others come?"And there is one who will never come. At least we will not see him if he does. But, oh, when I think he will be there--when our Canadian soldiers return there will be a shadow army with them--the army of the fallen. We will not *see* them--but they will be there!
My country, 'tis of thee,Sweet land of liberty,Of thee I sing;Land where my fathers died,Land of the pilgrims' pride,From every mountainsideLet freedom ring!My native country, thee,Land of the noble free,Thy name I love;I love thy rocks and rills,Thy woods and templed hills;My heart with rapture thrills,Like that above.Let music swell the breeze,And ring from all the treesSweet freedom's song;Let mortal tongues awake;Let all that breathe partake;Let rocks their silence break,The sound prolong.Our father's God to Thee,Author of liberty,To Thee we sing.Long may our land be bright,With freedom's holy light,Protect us by Thy might,Great God our King.
Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime.
...she cried because prejudice outlives passion and because she was sentimentally patriotic.
Freedom is more than just a patriotic concept; it is the purest intent of our design. Be you. Be free. Be nice.
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle; and patriotism is loyalty to that principle.
A thoughtful mind, when it sees a Nation's flag, sees not the flag only, but the Nation itself; and whatever may be its symbols, its insignia, he reads chiefly in the flag the Government, the principles, the truths, the history which belongs to the Nation that sets it forth.
As individuals die every moment, how insensitive and fabricated a love it is to set aside a day from selfish routine in prideful, patriotic commemoration of tragedy. Just as God is provoked by those who tithe simply because they feel that they must tithe, I am provoked by those who commemorate simply because they feel that they must commemorate.
America is a tune. It must be sung together.
Reluctant hero, drafted again each Fourthof July, I'll bow and remember you. Whoshall we follow next? Who shall we killnext time?
A politician will do anything to keep his job -- even become a patriot.
Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori. 
I think patriotism is like charity -- it begins at home.
Never let the sacrifice of others be for nothing by doing nothing.
...He can recite to you the nomenclature of a machine gun or grenade launcher and use either one effectively is he must. He digs foxholes and latrines and can apply first aid like a professional. He can march until he is told to stop, or stop until he is told to march. He obeys orders instantly and without hesitation, but he is not without spirit or individual dignity. He is self-sufficient. ...He sometimes forgets to brush his teeth, but never to clean his rifle. He can cool his own meals, mend his own clothes, and fix his own hurts....He'll even split his ammunition with you in the midst of battle when you run low.He has learned to use his hands like weapons and weapons like they were his hands. He can save your life- or take it, because that is his job. He will often do twice the work of a civilian, draw half the pay, and still find ironic humor in it all. He has seen more suffering and death than he should have in his short lifetime. He has wept in public and in private, for friends who have fallen in combat and is unashamed. He feels every note of the National Anthem vibrate through his body while at rigid attention, while tempering the burning desire to "square-away" those around him who haven't bothered to stand, remove their hat, or even stop talking. ...Just as did his father, grandfather, and great-grandfather, he is paying the price for our freedom. Beardless or not, he is not a boy. He is the American Fighting Man that has kept this country free for over two hundred years. He has asked nothing in return, except our friendship and understanding.Remember him, always, for he has earned our respect and admiration with his blood.And now we even have women over there in danger, doing their part in this tradition of going to war when our nation calls us to do so.As you go to bed tonight, remember this. A short lull, a little shade, and a picture of loved ones in their helmets.
...Not yet dry behind the ears, not old enough to buy a beer, but old enough to die for his country.He can recite to you the nomenclature of a machine gun or grenade launcher and use either one effectively if he must. He digs foxholes and latrines and can apply first aid like a professional. He can march until he is told to stop, or stop until he is told to march.He obeys orders instantly and without hesitation, but he is not without spirit or individual dignity. He is self-sufficient....He sometimes forgets to brush his teeth, but never to clean his rifle. He can cook his own meals, mend his own clothes, and fix his own hurts.If you're thirsty, he'll share his water with you; if you are hungry, food. He'll even split his ammunition with you in the midst of battle when you run low.He has learned to use his hands like weapons and weapons like they were his hands.He can save your life-or take it, because that is his job. He will often do twice the work of a civilian, draw half the pay, and still find ironic humor in it all. He has seen more suffering and death than he should have in his short lifetime. He has wept in public and in private, for friends who have fallen in combat and is unashamed. He feels every note of the National Anthem vibrate through his body while at rigid attention, while tempering the burning desire to "square-away" those around him who haven't bothered to stand, remove their hat, or even stop talking. ...Just as did his father, grandfather, and great-grandfather, he is paying the price for our freedom. Beardless or not, he is not a boy. He is the American Fighting Man that has kept this country free for over two hundred years.He has asked nothing in return, except our friendship and understanding.Remember him, always, for he has earned our respect and admiration with his blood. And now we have women over there in danger, doing their part in this tradition of going to war when our nation calls us to do so.As you go to bed tonight, remember this. A short lull, a little shade, and a picture of loved ones in their helmets.
There are many ways to honor America. This book is mine. I have completed this journey of self-education in the belief that the most terrifying possibility since 9/11 has not been terrorism--as frightening as that is--but the prospect that Americans will give up their rights in pursuing the chimera of security.
The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
Perhaps imagination is only intelligence having fun.
Some pain has no relief,it can only be sealed You can grasp the wound to feel the scar unhealed.
Only a mind free of impediment is capable of grasping the chaotic beauty of the world. This is our greatest asset.
Life is only a flicker of melted ice.
The only thing you have to do is to make your intention pure, and then whatever you think will start manifesting itself.
Before belonging to the world, you should belong to yourself, as only those who are not happy with their own existence search for it outside.
Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect.
The only person you should compete with is the person you were yesterday.
You are your own best friend and worst enemy; only you can take yourself higher or make yourself fall even lower.
The only disability that I have, is that I'm human.
The only way to efficiently battle evil is to copy enough to know how to counter each argument, yet not enough to believe all the bullshit.
A contract is only as good as the people signing it.
After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.
A book is the only immortality.
Dreams do come true,Only- If you believe they will
Remember the only evidence of time is life and growth.
There are no mistakes- only actions and consequences
I am only an egg.
He repeated it carefully, pausing for effect. " 'Love is the only rational act.
You don't have forever. You have 24 hours each day to live by your values. People remember you only for what was most important in your life.
There is something immaculate about loneliness which only lonely people can understand
I am only a human.                                      I plot. I scheme. I believe my own lies.       I err. I sin. I look the other way even if something inside me dies.                             I get away with almost everything.               Why?                                                                 Because I am only a human.
Usted me preguntó si hacer las conexiones valía la pena, y le prometo: es lo único que vale la pena en el mundo.
Love is as a Universe infinite and unmeasurable, uncountable but only can be felt from a Heart which is given from GOD.
Study is the only prayer I know.
The human will be the only mammal in history to fully understand that its own self inflicted extinction is well underway.
We are before one gaze and His is the only one that counts.
There are no particles. There are only moments in time.
An idea was forming in his mind. It was only rudimentary, but in the circumstances, it could be called a plan. He loathed the alien for attacking them, without any provocation. He hated the way it was smashing up his ship – and all of them – with hardly any effort or regard for life at all. “How’s that message coming?”“Umm – they must be jamming us, sir – I can’t get through.
You cannot control what other people do, only how you react to it.
17. One of the secrets of successful living is found in the word balance, referring to the avoidance of harmful extremes. We need food, but we should not overeat. We should work, but not make work our only activity. We should play, but not let play rule us. Throughout life, it will be important to find the safety of the middle ground rather than the imbalance of the extremes.
I have never been afraid of dying, I have only been afraid of not living fully.
What a poor life I have had if I am only remembered for the amount of money I made.
Only those who can see the invisible, can do the impossible.
Resentment and bitterness build the cage that only punishes ourselves.
The only thing that comes close to defining me correctly is my love.
If you pour everything you have into this life, this world, which is temporary and fading, you're jeopardizing your relationship with God, the only thing that's eternal.
In time of macromental change, only the adaptable survive.
Love is the only thing in this whole universe, that can make the roses grow out of the swords.
Others may predict my future but only I can determine my destiny.
Death is the only fantasy that becomes real for all humans.
The only way for God to take over the world is to live in human flesh by His spirit
One cannot have a future if he doesn’t serve the one and only God
During these hard times in the world we should always remember to keep our families and friends close.
Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.
In a nice little house in Atro City there lived a man called Doktor Gleichstein. He was a kind of scientist, and he was very good at his job, which is why he always worked from home. He looked a little funny because he kept losing his eyebrows. Quantum Physics, is sort of like ordinary Physics, only you tend to spend a lot more time looking for the cat. He worked in the sitting room because he’d blown the garage up once already. Apparently a lot of things happened by accident in Quantum Physics.
There's plenty of money out there. They print more every day. But this ticket, there's only five of them in the whole world, and that's all there's ever going to be. Only a dummy would give this up for something as common money. Are you a dummy?
The only calling we have is to “GO
Only loyal love knows the sacred path to a faithful heart
The fear of God is the only cure for the fear of people.
And here I was, left with only myself to deal with. It was entirely up to me.
Sabotage isolated them from their home, thwarting any hope of outside help. Frantic, unreliable sightings of frightening things – horrible things - led to chaos. The crew, terrified, opted to die fighting and went hunting for their attacker. Kaine’s only regret was that they found it. It killed them all.Systematically.
Wise people put as much distance between themselves and sexual temptation as possible. They not only get away but also plan their escape route.
Not only did he unleash his emotions through rivers of tears, but for several days he denied his body food so he could pray and seek the God of heaven.
There is only one limitation that exists in our minds, which can indeed reduce the speed of our progress; that is the limitation of our understanding
It is only a matter of time before utility smart meter health damage lawsuits start winning in large numbers, and when they do they will have no option but to shut down the known biologically toxic smart meter radio frequency (RF) industry.
The only obstacle is the absence of the knowledge in our minds of the wisdom of God that is able to move any mountain
More important, it's because God is our only true source of life.
After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding..
Crazy people are considered mad by the rest of the society only because their intelligence isn't understood.
[...]the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww!
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
Really, the combination of the scabs and the ointment looks hideous. I can't help enjoying his distress."Poor Finnick. Is this the first time in your life you haven't looked pretty?" I say."It must be. The sensation's completely new. How have you managed it all these years?" he asks."Just avoid mirrors. You'll forget about it," I say."Not if I keep looking at you," he says.
Some nights the sky wept stars that quickly floated and disappeared into the darkness before our wishes could meet them. 
Who cares about pretty? I'm going for noticeable.
I don't know. Just because someone's pretty doesn't mean she's decent. Or vice versa. I'm not into appearances. I like flaws, I think they make things interesting.
What's the whole point of being pretty on the outside when you’re so ugly on the inside?
I don't care to be pretty," Blue shot back hotly, "I care to look on the outside like I look on the inside.
When I was growing up we didn't have a massive house and there were five women running around, so my dad and I had to stick together!
The pretty ones are usually unhappy. They expect everyone to be enamored of their beauty. How can a person be content when their happiness lies in someone else's hands, ready to be crushed at any moment? Ordinary-looking people are far superior, because they are forced to actually work hard to achieve their goals, instead of expecting people to fall all over themselves to help them.
Big don't mean ugly, and thin sho don't mean pretty. If a person wants to be pretty, they gotta walk pretty, talk pretty and act pretty. Can't nobody take pretty from you.
She had curiously thoughtful and attentive eyes; eyes that were very pretty and very good.
Oh, he did look like a deity – the perfect balance of danger and charm, he was at the same time fascinating and inaccessible, distant because of his demonstrated flawlessness, and possessing such strength of character that he was dismaying and at the same time utterly attractive in an enticing and forbidden way.
Nice jewelry and a boys corpse. Oh you're so pretty.
Every bride is beautiful. It’s like newborn babies or puppies. They can’t help it.
Where's the use of looking nice, when no one sees me but those cross midgets, and no one cares whether I'm pretty or not?
PrettyThat's what I am, I guess.I mean, people have been tellingme that's what I am sinceI was two. Maybe younger. Prettyas a picture. (Who wantsto be a cliché?) Pretty asan angel. (Can you see them?)Pretty as a butterfly. (But isn'tthat really just a glam bug?)Cliché, invisible, or insectlike,I grew up knowing I waspretty and believing everything goodabout me had to do with howI looked. The mirror was my bestfriend. Until it started telling me I wasn't really pretty enough.
But I'd rather look like you than be pretty," she told Anne sincerely.Anne laughed, sipped honey from the tribute, and cast away the sting.
Having a purpose is the little secret of the nonpretties. Something to do always beats something to look at.
He spotted Jill sitting about thirty feet away, face tipped toward the sun, her straight brown hair tucked behind one ear and slanted across her neck. And Ben decided that when her mouth wasn't full of tuna salad, she was sort of pretty.
Like colors or a spring tree against that kind ofblue sky that pulls your heart out through your eyes. Pretty things will swarm you like that, like your heart was a hive of electric bees.
Slowly the truth is loadingI'm weighted down with loveSnow lying deep and evenStrung out and dreaming ofNight falling on the cityQuite something to beholdDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing worldWe're threading hope like fireDown through the desperate bloodDown through the trailing wireInto the leafless woodNight falling on the cityQuite something to beholdDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing worldThis disappearing worldI'll be sticking right there with itI'll be by your sideSailing like a silver bulletHit 'em 'tween the eyesThrough the smoke and rising waterCross the great divideBaby till it all feels rightNight falling on the citySparkling red and goldDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing world"~David Gray
She really was pretty, for a grown-up person, but when you are seven, beauty is an abstraction, not an imperative. I wonder what I would have done if she had smiled at me like that now: whether I would have handed my mind or my heart or my identify to her for the asking, as my father did.
I need a kid like I need a bad heart. A pretty kid is a ticket to trouble... and I'm too old to ask for that. Shit, I haven't even booked Tommy the Face in two years. I'm turning into a jack-off idiot.
The problem is that she is too pretty. When you are too pretty, the other parts of you do not become strong.
Regret perches like an umbrella over all of my days.
Diamond being the toughest thing known to us is also the most prettiest object
A couple of them were school beauty-queen pretty while a few were that more real-looking type. A realer kind of pretty.
The most pretty little things have lethal thorns.
A petty person often misses out on what is pretty in life.
I am a lifetime of explorationYou have a lifetime to spend wandering
She was so pretty, not the kind of pretty that hits you at first, but the kind that blooms the longer you were with her. Like a flower, she was always like a flower to me.
My friends told me you was ADD but that ain't true at all I think you're pretty!
Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
Mama says beauty of heart is much more valuable than a pretty face.
You can never be clean enough, pretty enough, or smart enough.
Thinking he was so goddamned pretty was bad enough. I didn't want to actually like the guy. The way he smiled at me was making it hard, though.
It's time to shop high heels if your fiance kisses you on the forehead.
Being pretty wasn't a crime. Wanting to please the eye of a man wasn't a broad invitation to be abused by all of them.
It is weird for him to point it out. No one points out how I look. I am not a "point out how she looks" kind of girl.
She didn’t care if the world thought she was pretty. All she wanted was that special someone to reach beyond the surface and discover her heart.
When she's sweet.When she's petite.When she's pretty.She's my color pink!
Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty.
She'd have the two of them eating out of her shoe. I've watched her in action, but I could never get away with it. And, I console myself, being cute hasn't made her all that happy.
It's not supposed to be pretty. It's supposed to make you feel something.
She was very pretty: exceedingly pretty. With a dimpled, surprised-looking, capital face; a ripe little mouth, that seemed made to be kissed — as no doubt it was; all kinds of good little dots about her chin, that melted into one another when she laughed; and the sunniest pair of eyes you ever saw in any little creature's head. Altogether she was what you would have called provoking, you know; but satisfactory, too. Oh, perfectly satisfactory.
Pretty people are a dime a dozen and sex can be had with a complete stranger......but crossing paths with one who awakens within you a poetic melody that echoes throughout the depths of your soul, that is one of life's truest delicacies.
They peered at him with their shining honey warm molasses-brown eyes. Their smiles, the white smiles pinned to their faces, were wide as all of summer.
How easily such a thing can become a mania, how the most normal and sensible of women once this passion to be thin is upon them, can lose completely their sense of balance and proportion and spend years dealing with this madness.
Why hoard away so many back-issues of People Magazine? Fashion magazines are just empty promises. You can go bankrupt blowing all your cash on expensive beauty products, but the only way you’ll ever look just like the people on those glossy front covers is if you know how to use computer editing software for photographs. Besides, people who think they are ugly, are never really all that ugly anyway. People who think they are pretty, are rarely ever all that pretty.
He’s dying!’ Doctor Cove, one of the ship’s two medical officers told me, looking at his med-scanner as he kneeled at the broken body of the only living Corsair on the black ship. I remember the look on his face as he told me – which seemed more to be puzzlement than actual concern. The man was a Corsair after all, and had injuries I could see, but he was conscious, and none of them looked fatal. But then, I’m no doctor. I never was any good at healing anything – and my job was doing the opposite, and I admit I’m pretty good at it. Always have been.
As he prepared to ride on, he chuckled at the thought of the wolf entering the sheepfold. He would not ride with fire and destruction. The shepherd did not frighten his own pretty lambs.
A pretty face and a beautiful body blind a man more quickly than any poker through the eyes.
She never even told me how she felt," Valerie thought aloud, feeling the betrayal in her gut. How had she been so blind? Her sister had loved Henry silently.  Did she know about the engagement? Did she overhear our parents planning?  Valerie supposed it was possible, but it seemed unlikely since they were always together.  Would it have broken her heart? "Don't worry, you poor child," Madame Lazar said, seeming almost disinterested in the subject of Lucie's death. "I know you're worried about your sister, but Henry always had his eye on you. You are—were always the pretty one.
That was the thing about her. When you told her about an incident where you so badly screwed up, half expecting her to laugh at you in amusement, half anticipating a smirk of disgust, she would hardly express her pity or maybe she did express what she felt, for she would just nod her head, gesturing you to go on... As if it's normal... As if you're normal.
His smiles were hard won, but when they came, they were well worth it. They lit up his face like summer sunshine. The rest of the time, and far more frequently, he seemed lost in winter. And when he laughed, he was a different person.
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
Female competition is when you are with a guy you like and you look around, see a girl who is prettier than you standing nearby, and think to yourself: "I wish she wasn't here." -This is what happens when you attach your identity and sense of worth to the amount of male attention you receive.
Her beauty is untouchable.
But there's a downside of being pretty, too. People can easily spot you, that is.
That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.
He remembered that she was pretty, and, more, that she had a special grace in the intimacy of life. She had the secret of individuality which excites and escapes.
The spring came to paint the leaves back upon the trees.
Where is truth??Somewhere in the story... somewhere around the facts.- There should be a truth some kind of feature, if there isn't... it goes interesting how in the hell is build a story with a truth... It's pretty interesting journey!
There is no color to known to beauty except elegance.
the girl with a moustache" they called me every now and then"It's about time you wax your arms" those who "cared" saidI faced the fears of the dreaded thread on my faceTo succumb every other week to the world's ways
It's not a pretty world, Papa.''I've noticed,' my father said softly.
Rose, oh pure contradiction, joyof being No-one's sleep under so manylids.
Don't you want me to kiss you goodbye, sweetie?""Kiss a cow farm boy
So it's back once more, back up the slope.Why do they always ruin my ropewith their cuts?I felt so ready the other day,Had a real foretaste of eternityIn my guts.Spoonfeeding me yet another sipfrom life's cup.I don't want it, won't take any more of it.Let me throw up.Life is medium rare and good, I see,And the world full of soup and bread,But it won't pass into the blood for me,Just goes to my head.It makes me ill, though others it feeds;Do see that I must deny it!For a thousand years from now at leastI'm keeping a diet.
Sometimes I wonder if we ever truly let anyone completely in. The desire for another human being to know you, all of you, all the pieces, even the ones you’re ashamed of — is huge. But too often, we sit down and sort through the pieces only picking out the pretty ones, leaving the ugly ones behind, not realizing that choosing not to share with someone else is like committing a crime against our very soul
She stood by the tea-table in a light-coloured muslin gown, which had a good deal of pink about it. She looked as if she was not attending to the conversation, but solely busy with the tea-cups, among which her round ivory hands moved with pretty, noiseless, daintiness.
Fall and I'll catch you. And that was all I'd ever wanted- someone to catch me.
You could drown a kitten in her blue eyes.
Why, he wondered, should he remember her suddenly, on such a day, watching the rain falling on the apple trees?
You may be married to a star, but that doesn't mean they'll treat you like one.
Except I do care about being pretty. Der. I don't think there's a single person in the world who doesn't care about being pretty. Any female, at any rate.
He stripped to his trunks, then dove into the pool. We all watched as he broke the surface and climbed from the water, his muscles slick and wet, his green eyes glowing in the half light of the glass ceiling. I heard Natalie and Sara both sigh, and Harry murmur that it almost made him want to go gay. Coby stretched out on a chaise beside me and asked, “So you still sorry you moved here?
Maybe if I'd agreed to do the debutante thing like she wanted. Or taken up pageants instead of riding jump bikes with a bunch of grungy boys. I'd always tell her, why can't I do both? Who says you have to be either smart or pretty, or into girly stuff or sports? Life shouldn't be about the either/or. We're capable of more than that, you know?
They're brainless girls, otherwise they wouldn't be seen dead here. They're pretty, with ugly, appealing smiles and conversations we can't hear. They breathe smoke and blow it out, and words drop from their mouths and get crushed to the floor. Or they get discarded, just to glow with warmth for a moment, for someone else to tread on later.
A green summer leafEmbraced by the frozen iceKeeps memories warm
I have the body - they didn't have to tell me that - or that I am innocent looking enough to drive the man crazy, but I blushed when they call me pretty.
Around 2 a.m. the snow started to fall. It was quite a lovely view and I breathed it in like I only do when I truly love something, and there was a small sadness creeping in through my chest because I knew I would have to leave it, go back to my basement with no stars in sight. But I pushed it aside because those moments are rare and I’m happy because now I know this place exists and that’s all you need sometimes. You need to know that lovely places exist and you can go there, when things go wrong, and it’s a place of solace.
… I am me, but am notme: I have spent my entire life &amp; all of its sufferingboth as spectator &amp; subject. a woman trapped eternally as achild waiting for the holy father. I look pretty but feel soyoung, standing on the curb sucking on the lemon of thesun.
Pretty woman prays!
To utter a word? no that will only heavy the air you breath, for your eyes speak more then your pretty mouth
Out comes a gorgeous, fleshy wheel of foie gras, perched on its side like a monument grander than its actual two-inch height. Around it are its minions, smears of savory-sweet onion confit paste and garlic tendrils puffed like Rice Krispies. You slide your knife down, slowly at first. The wheel is murky, muddy, and before you know it, the knife is being sucked to the bottom of the plate as you watch the wheel unpeel from itself.Out spills a green liquid, as mesmerizing as lava. Go on, take a forkful. Drag the finest, smoothest foie into the absolute essence of pea. Pick up a few pieces from the pool of accents. And taste. Put your fork down and wonder: how could this dish seem so pure and elemental, and yet have a flavor so electric, so challenging?Bakushan, from the Japanese word bakku-shan. A girl who looks pretty from behind, but is ugly in the front.This dish is not ugly by any means, but it offers that bit of shock, that moment of fear and excitement when the girl turns around and shows you the truth.
It’s great to be Smart and pretty but selfishness kills it all
Society tells us that if we aren’t pretty, we need to change every part of ourselves until it’s satisfied with what it sees… and society is never satisfied.
Her mother's injunction on competing with other girls is a challenge, a gauntlet thrown down: "You just have to be smarter than the ones who are prettier and prettier than the ones who are smarter
You must never settle for someone who is not willing to swim in your tormented seas-You are worthy of more than they are willing to give
No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.
Ô, the wine of a womanfrom heaven is sent, more perfect than allthat a man can invent.When she came to my bed and begged me with sighsnot to tempt her towards passion nor actions unwise, 	I told her I’d spare her and kissed her closed eyes, then unbraided her body of its clothing disguise.While our bodies were nude bathed in candlelight fineI devoured her mouth, tender lips divine;and I drank through her thighs her feminine wine.Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
They are pretty to look at," - Jace Wayland
She was an ocean, confined in a coffee mug. And she had the galaxies, confined in her pretty eyes.
You don't need to put on make-up to make you look pretty. All you need to do is put on a smile and that will make you pretty in anyone's book.
Being smart and strong is the new sexy. - Kailin Gow
Dresses don't look beautiful on hangers.
She may not be the prettiest, or the smartest, or the wealthiest at the Academy, but she could be kind. Anyone could be kind.
Her father told her she was pretty, but all fathers said that. Grandma Howard told her pretty on the outside didn't particularly matter. Pretty on the inside is what mattered to the good Lord.
The guns weren't of Mirajin make. Amonpourian. Stupid-looking things. Ornate and carved, made by hand instead of machine, and charged at twice what they were worth because someone had gone to the trouble of making them pretty. It didn't matter how pretty something was, it'd kill you just as dead. That, I'd learned from Shazad.
That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste. But I'm not pretty, not close up anyway. Generally, the closer people get to me the less hot they find me.
Dresses won't worn out in the wardrobe, but that is not what dresses are designed for.
You're like a Christmas present," he [Josh] sais"How so?" [Star]"Wrapped up really pretty on the outside with bows and glitz.""You think I'm really pretty?" I grin. I can't help it.
Jealousy is the ugliest stepsister. Like Cinderella's ugly stepsisters whose jealousy of Cinderella caused their family's demise, a woman who is jealous of the success of their sister, sister-in-law or friend is showing their ugly insecure, low-self-esteem side. Get over it, get a makeover, and focus on developing yourself so you're happy with who you are rather than who they are. - Strong by Kailin Gow
And as you can see, I'm no pretty girl, just a sheep man.
She must have been a nurse. She looked a few years older than me. Pretty. Naturally pretty, the type that's still attractive, even more so, when she's filthy.
She's pretty in a familiar kind of way that I forget to notice, until someone else notices and I'm reminded.
Listen to the sunset...see its pretty hue... When you see it, think of me...and I'll think of you...
She had a beautiful face, a beautiful body, but also a distance in her such as he had never met a woman.
For the first time in a long time, I actually  look  at her. I've always thought Lena was pretty, but now it occurs to me that at some point—last summer? last year?—she became beautiful. Her eyes seem to have grown even larger, and her cheekbones have sharpened. Her lips, on the other hand, look softer and fuller.I've never felt ugly next to Lena, but suddenly I do. I feel tall and ugly and bony, like a straw-colored horse.
Nothing less important in the eyes of God, Annabelle, than pretty.
Instead of being regarded as intelligent or knowledgeable, many a woman would rather be regarded as beautiful or good in the kitchen; many a man, as handsome or good in bed.
I'd like to make a twosome with two handsome trees. Make that a threesome as I'd also include a bush in the package, to keep it low profile.
There are a thousand beautiful women out there, but only a handful of them possess the grace required by such beauty to stop it from looking ugly.
He noticed that he felt calmer now she was here, still in that grey dress with her dowdy hat, the air around her redolent with orchid oil. Perhaps all women in England had this effect. Perhaps they all smelled of flowers and exuded a calm and measured purpose. He couldn’t remember.
Don’t beat yourself up, son. I’m sure there is a culture on this spinning ball of dirt where you can be pretty. If not, do rock ‘n roll, or practice words. That shit’s pretty as well.
You don't have to look nice to be wise.
To think I actually talked to the boy who nearly got you killed," Ivy mutters, shuddering with disgust. "I'm so sorry I did.""It's okay. You didn't know," I reassure her as we take a seat on some pool chairs."But you told me before what his appearance was. I should have recognized him!""It's fine, Ivy. Even if you did your best to avoid him, he would've found way to hit on you eventually."Ivy wrinkles her nose at the unfamiliar language. " 'Hit on'? What does that mean?""Flirting. Or, for Dunstan, more like a procedure. He's been hitting on any pretty girl he sees ever since he and Melanie broke up. I don't know if he's doing this to make her jealous or what, but it's really annoying."I look back up to see Ivy go rigid. For some reason she looks classically surprised; her hand is over her mouth, and the rosy blush is back with a vengeance,"Ivy? You okay?"Ivy removes her hand, muttering something so quietly I can't hear it."Sorry?""You called me pretty." The moment those words are said, Ivy stares down at her feet as her face gets brighter."Well, yeah," I murmur, my face hot. "You really are beautiful tonight, Ivy.
IT was pretty convincing.
I figured I got the prettiest, sweetest, smartest wife ever to be," he said softly.
Save your skin from the corrosive acids from the mouths of toxic people. Someone who just helped you to speak evil about another person can later help another person to speak evil about you.
Protect your good image from the eyes of negative viewers, who may look at your good appearance with an ugly fiendish eye, and ruin your positive qualities with their chemical infested tongues.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last, "what's the first thing you say to yourself?""What's for breakfast?" said Pooh. "What do you say, Piglet?""I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said Piglet.Pooh nodded thoughtfully. "It's the same thing," he said.
Alice laughed. 'There's no use trying,' she said. 'One can't believe impossible things.'I daresay you haven't had much practice,' said the Queen. 'When I was your age, I always did it for half-an-hour a day. Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast. There goes the shawl again!
And now leave me in peace for a bit! I don't want to answer a string of questions while I am eating. I want to think!""Good Heavens!" said Pippin. "At breakfast?
I like sex for breakfast, kid. I eat early and often.
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time" so I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.
We've been rehearsing a classic from antiquity, Green Eggs and Hamlet, the story of a young prince of Denmark who goes mad, drowns his girlfriend, and in his remorse, forces spoiled breakfast on all whom he meets.
I was seven before I realized that you could eat breakfast with your pants on.
If it's not chocolate, it's not breakfast.
One should not attend even the end of the world without a good breakfast.
Remember the days when you let your child have some chocolate if he finished his cereal? Now, chocolate is one of the cereals.
Breakfast! My favorite meal- and you can be so creative. I think of bowls of sparkling berries and fresh cream, baskets of Popovers and freshly squeezed orange juice, thick country bacon, hot maple syrup, panckes and French toast - even the nutty flavor of Irish oatmeal with brown sugar and cream. Breaksfast is the place I splurge with calories, then I spend the rest of the day getting them off! I love to use my prettiest table settings - crocheted placemats with lace-edged napkins and old hammered silver. And whether you are inside in front of a fire, candles burning brightly on a wintery day - or outside on a patio enjoying the morning sun - whether you are having a group of friends and family, a quiet little brunch for two, or an even quieter little brunch just for yourself, breakfast can set the mood and pace of the whole day.And Sunday is my day. Sometimes I think we get caught up in the hectic happenings of the weeks and months and we forget to take time out to relax. So one Sunday morning I decided to do things differently - now it's gotten to be a sort of ritual! This is what I do: at around 8:30 am I pull myself from my warm cocoon, fluff up the pillows and blankets and put some classical music on the stereo. Then I'm off to the kitchen, where I very calmly (so as not to wake myself up too much!) prepare my breakfast, seomthing extra nice - last week I had fresh pineapple slices wrapped in bacon and broiled, a warm croissant, hot chocolate with marshmallows and orange juice. I put it all on a tray with a cloth napkin, my book-of-the-moment and the "Travel" section of the Boston Globe and take it back to bed with me. There I spend the next two hours reading, eating and dreaming while the snowflakes swirl through the treetops outside my bedroom window. The inspiring music of Back or Vivaldi adds an exquisite elegance to the otherwise unruly scene, and I am in heaven. I found time to get in touch with myself and my life and i think this just might be a necessity! Please try it for yourself, and someone you love.
Everyone runs around trying to find a place where they still serve breakfast because eating breakfast, even if it's 5 o'clock in the afternoon, is a sign that the day has just begun and good things can still happen. Having lunch is like throwing in the towel.
In Wilson's scale of evaluations breakfast rated just after life itself and ahead of the chance of immortality."~ By His Bootstraps / Robert A. Heinlein
I have no idea what that is, but yawn, anyway, just on principle. Eat up. Pancakes is brain food.Apparently not grammar food.Wow.You college girls are mean.
I know family comes first, but shouldn't that mean after breakfast?
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg.Shall I swallow cave-phantoms?
Anisette! You will eat your food, not demonstrate aerial warfare across the table with it.
I’m really not hungry,” she repeated, lifting the coffee cup and inhaling the fragrant steam before sipping.“Just a few bites,” he cajoled, taking his own place beside her. “You need to keep up your strength for tonight.”She gave him a heated, slumberous look, remembering her fantasy. “Why? Are you planning something special?”“I suppose I am,” he said consideringly. “It’s special every time we make love.
Her cuisine is limited but she has as good an idea of breakfast as a Scotchwoman."[Sherlock Holmes, on Mrs. Hudson's cooking.]
Life, within doors, has few pleasanter prospects than a neatly-arranged and well-provisioned breakfast-table.
All worries are less with wine.
He expected pages and pages of bright pictures of pancakes of every variety shown in plain stacks, or built into castles or bridges or igloos, or shaped like airplanes or rowboats or fire engines. And pitchers of syrup to choose from -- partridge berry syrup, thimbleberry syrup, huckleberry syrup, bosenberry syrup, and raspberry syrup. Then there would be cheese plates and cheeses a la carte. Creamy cheeses, crumbly cheeses, and peculiar little cheeses in peculiar little clay pots.
It puzzled K., at least it puzzled him looking at it from the policemen's point of view, that they had made him go into the room and left him alone there, where he had ten different ways of killing himself. At the same time, though, he asked himself, this time looking at it from his own point of view, what reason he could have to do so. Because those two were sitting there in the next room and had taken his breakfast, perhaps?
Take your hallowed halls of Congress or the littered floor of the Stock Exchange, America is built on its pancake houses!
I think maybe today a poem I hopeafter breakfast I start tryingpulling it out of my own gutmostly by force
Breakfast alone by gaslight is about as ghastly as champagne in daylight.
When a woman didn't enjoy it, she leaves early in the morning. Those who had a nice time will wait until the sun comes out, requests breakfast and taxi money. In the morning that lady requested breakfast and taxi money. You don't ask for taxi money from somebody who raped you.
A real prison breakfast" I said."Yeah, but we are free."And that summed it up.
The sideboard would be laden with broiled chops, eggs, rashers of bacon and ham, potatoes hashed with herbs and fried in butter, bread puddings each in its own puddle of sauce, a platter of crisp radishes and pickles on ice, dishes of stewed fruit from the orchard topped with fresh cream-
The softest pain on earth must be the pain au chocolat.
Well?' he asks when I don’t open my eyes and silently savor the goodness. 'What do you taste?'I smile despite myself. 'The most amazing waffles under the sun.
With sleepy eyes,And a sleepy lens,It's time to breakfast,As the night time ends.
Relations were never good (how comfortable can you really be with a race that sees you as a nutritious part of a complete breakfast).
When Kate arrived, Alice offered her breakfast: strong coffee, coffee cake made from a sweet yeast dough, and bacon baked on a cookie sheet in the oven. When they finished eating, Alice handed Kate a black-and-white-speckled notebook filled with details about her childhood in North Carolina.With growing interest Kate read about the gentle slope of land upon which Alice's family built their farm and how in the mornings the dew looked like steam rising from the grass. She read about the pigs Alice's family raised, how they were finished on acorns, making their meat unbelievably silky. Kate read about Alice's mother's cooking, how she could turn the humblest ingredients into something magical: creamy chess pies, tender squirrel stew, butter nut cookies at Christmas time that were both salty and sweet.
Why is it, do you suppose," said Edward, "that the Continental breakfast has only to cross the Channel to be so damp and depressing. It seems simple enough; why does it travel so badly? In England one wonders whether it is really meant to be eaten. Here it is invariably ambrosial.""It is the tyranny of the toast rack," said Maria.
Marjan Aminpour slowly sipped at her hot tea and studied the changing horizon. Mornings in Ireland were so different from those of her Persian childhood, she thought, not for the first time. Were she still in the land of her birth, Marjan mused, daybreak would be marked by the crisp sounds of a 'sofreh', the embroidered cloth upon which all meals were enjoyed, flapping over a richly carpeted floor. Once spread, the 'sofreh' would be covered by jars of homemade preserves- rose petal, quince-lime, and sour cherry- as well as pots of orange blossom honey and creamy butter. The jams and honey would sit alongside freshly baked rounds of 'sangak' bread, golden and redolent with crunchy sesame seeds. Piled and teetering like a tower, the 'sangak' was a perfect accompaniment to the platters of garden mint, sweet basil, and feta cheese placed on the 'sofreh', bought fresh from the local bazaar.
Smelling the strong coffee and that sausage , and watching the potatoes as they turned crispy golden brown in the butter, made me hungrier than I'd been in months, and when the cheese began oozing out the sides of the puffy omelette, I really wondered for a minute how much longer I could keep torturing myself like this.
Eggs Benedict, served in perfectly steamed artichoke hearts, with slices of thick-cut, grilled pancetta and a hollandaise sauce the color of a Cézanne sunrise; lush, tender strawberries with clotted cream and muscovado sugar; warm croissants; hand-cured smoked salmon; and coffee heated in mugs.
Passing the sideboard, Cam saw toad-in-the-hole, a casserole of sausages covered in batter and roasted, platters of bacon and eggs, sole fillets, fried bread, and a bowl of baked beans.
All around the edges of the platform where she sat, elephants stood patiently waiting for their breakfast. Occasionally, one would grunt or snort or flap its ears, but otherwise, they were as quiet as apparitions.
Mrs. O'Geoghan looked skeptical. "Only breakfast, with a fine-looking young man like that?" She shook her head. "When I had young men like that I needed breakfast but afterward, and no pot of tea and bowl of porridge either, but steak and six bottles of stout. Then I was all ready for another day!
Sirine smiles back and asks what he would like to have for breakfast. He yawns and sits up, and asks almost timidly, "I don't suppose you could make some more of that frekeh?"The dish of smoked wheat kernels with olive oil and garlic. She sits still, the sunlight from the balcony skimming through the bedroom. There are bags and bags of frekeh at her uncle's house, pounds of it at the café, even the Indian market a few blocks away from Han's apartment sells it in bulk. But she takes a breath and frowns and says, "I'm not sure if I can find any more right now."She tells Han to sleep a little longer and she walks down to the Indian market by herself. But when she comes back with her groceries she doesn't have frekeh. She makes scrambled eggs and bacon for breakfast. She stirs dollops of heavy cream and cheese into the eggs, letting the bacon grease soak into the egg, slicing squares of buttered toast in half, filling the glasses with orange juice. She serves this to Han while he's still in bed and he smiles and eats it and doesn't say anything more about frekeh.
I served breakfast in the bedroom.Porridge. Upma. Papaya.Orange-pomegranate juice.Toast with unsalted cheese.
The kitchen smelled amazing. Turkey-apple sausage sizzled in a blackened iron skillet on the sturdy old eight-burner gas range. Thick slices of bread toasted in a shiny vintage Toastmaster. Hair tied back, sleeves rolled up on her blouse, apron around her waist, Grace tossed a handful of pecans into the skillet and let them brown with the sausage while she flipped a cheddar-filled omelet in another pan. The heady aroma of freshly ground black dark-roast coffee filled the kitchen.
When Jasmine woke that morning she'd been dreaming of breakfast. Not cornflakes or melba toast, skim milk and a sorry slice of apple. No, Jasmine was elbow deep in creamy oatmeal slathered with brown sugar and hot cream. Next, a plate of eggs Sardou: poached eggs nestled sweetly in the baby-smooth bottoms of artichokes and napped with a blushing spiced hollandaise sauce. Jasmine stared up at the ceiling, her mouth a swamp of saliva as she mentally mopped the rest of the hollandaise sauce with a crust of crusty French bread before taking a sip of nutty chicory coffee and reaching for a freshly fried beignet so covered with powdered sugar it made her sneeze.
Good Morning.Let your breakfast recharge your smile, warm your heart and brighten your day.
I made the Gruyère cheese soufflé and the grilled ham with apricot sauce. Nathan prepared the yogurt parfaits with fruit compote.""Nathan, how'd it go with this first challenge?""Good. I think I managed okay." His eyes were wild and he looked slightly shell-shocked."Did you get a chance to taste Helene's food?" "Yeah." He nodded vigorously. "She's good."The other contestants laughed at the understatement.Jenny clapped her hands together. "My favorite dish was an American specialty. Buckwheat pancakes with a trio of toppings... classic maple syrup tapped right here at the farm, a blackberry sauce with mint, and a delicious maple walnut butter. And the bacon-wrapped Brussels sprouts side was crispy and salty and delicious.
Fish at breakfast is sometimes himono (semi-dried fish, intensely flavored and chewy, the Japanese equivalent of a breakfast of kippered herring or smoked salmon) and sometimes a small fillet of rich, well-salted broiled fish. Japanese cooks are expert at cutting and preparing fish with nothing but salt and high heat to produce deep flavor and a variety of textures: a little crispy over here, melting and juicy there. Some of this is technique and some is the result of a turbo-charged supply chain that scoops small, flavorful fish out of the ocean and deposits them on breakfast tables with only the briefest pause at Tsukiji fish market and a salt cure in the kitchen.By now, I've finished my fish and am drinking miso soup. Where you find a bowl of rice, miso shiru is likely lurking somewhere nearby. It is most often just like the soup you've had at the beginning of a sushi meal in the West, with wakame seaweed and bits of tofu, but Iris and I were always excited when our soup bowls were filled with the shells of tiny shijimi clams. Clams and miso are one of those predestined culinary combos- what clams and chorizo are to Spain, clams and miso are to Japan. Shijimi clams are fingernail-sized, and they are eaten for the briny essence they release into the broth, not for what Mario Batali has called "the little bit of snot" in the shell. Miso-clam broth is among the most complex soup bases you'll ever taste, but it comes together in minutes, not the hours of simmering and skimming involved in making European stocks. As Tadashi Ono and Harris Salat explain in their book Japanese Hot Pots, this is because so many fermented Japanese ingredients are, in a sense, already "cooked" through beneficial bacterial and fungal actions.Japanese food has a reputation for crossing the line from subtlety into blandness, but a good miso-clam soup is an umami bomb that begins with dashi made from kombu (kelp) and katsuobushi (bonito flakes) or niboshi (a school of tiny dried sardines), adds rich miso pressed through a strainer for smoothness, and is then enriched with the salty clam essence.
OJ, milk, butter, eggs, half a roll of country sausage, a cantaloupe, Kroger's whole-grain bread, a can of French Market chicory coffee, some blackberry preserves- just the right makings of a good Southern breakfast for just my kind of man. No matter that breakfast has always been my favorite meal and that this would be another major test of my willpower.'Bout the time I'd started frying a big patty of sausage for him, I noticed a few red potatoes in a basket, peeled and cut one up, and tossed the cubes in the same large cast-iron skillet for hashed browns. At first I'd thought of doing soft-scrambled eggs for us both, but while I was beating four eggs with a little milk as quietly as possible, I remembered seeing a package of Jack cheese in the door of the fridge, as well as a couple of jalapeños on the windowsill, and suddenly decided to make my guy a spicy cheese omelette to really impress him.
They parked along one of paths that were away from the main roads and enjoyed their breakfast in peace. Of course, they were perfectly aware it would be a temporary peace.
Lily heard feet padding along the landing outside her room and then her mother pushed open the door without knocking, carrying a breakfast tray: bread and jam, a glass of pomegranate juice, and a pot of tea. Yesterday, Lily couldn't drink the milk. It was warm, tasted too much like cow, and the egg yolks were bright orange, so she just ate the naan. She had never before eaten flatbread like this- baked on hot stones, dimpled and crusty, it tasted sour and earthy and so delicious, she could eat an entire slab.
One of the bad habits I developed in very high altitude astronomy was eating a bowl of free ice cream for breakfast, as the free cooked breakfast would make me feel really sickly when at the summit of Mauna Kea.
It's Cheetos or nothing.
With her companion, Aline directed a servant to set out breakfast for two at the table. A steaming basket of scones and sweetened buns was brought to them quickly, along with plates of broiled eggs, baked mushrooms, and thin slices of roast partridge.
I came down as soon as I thought there was a prospect of breakfast.
I plucked a sprig of rosemary from the pot in the windowsill, and as I inhaled its fresh scent, something flashed in my mind.I went to the pantry and took out a jar of wildflower honey. I held it up to make sure I had enough, and the sun lit it up like a jar of gold. There was that flash again- I almost had it, but it slipped away.I preheated the oven and mixed my ingredients. I sprinkled in the fragrant rosemary. Remember, Mimi. What have you forgotten?By the time I got the pan in the oven, Dad had come downstairs. He sniffed the air. "Rosemary, huh? What are you making?""Rosemary-honey-olive oil muffins.""Did you add white pepper, like we talked about last time?"I grinned. "A tiny bit. Next time, do you think we should try it with goat's milk?
As Ross entered the kitchen, he saw Ernest sitting at the scrubbed wooden table. The boy wolfed down a plate of breakfast as if it were the first decent meal he'd had in months. Sophia stood at the range with the scrawny cook-maid, apparently showing her how to prepare the morning's fare. "Turn them like this," Sophia was saying, expertly flipping a row of little cakes on a griddle pan. The kitchen atmosphere was especially fragrant today, spiced with frying bacon, coffee, and sizzling batter.Sophia looked fresh and wholesome, the trim curves of her figure outlined by a white apron that covered her charcoal-gray dress. Her gleaming hair was pinned in a coil at the top of her head and tied with a blue ribbon. As she saw him standing in the doorway, a smile lit her sapphire eyes, and she was so dazzlingly pretty that Ross felt a painful jab low in his stomach."Good morning, Sir Ross," she said. "Will you have some breakfast?""No, thank you," he replied automatically. "Only a jug of coffee. I never..." He paused as the cook set a platter on the table. It was piled with steaming batter cakes sitting in a pool of blackberry sauce. He had a special fondness for blackberries."Just one or two?" Sophia coaxed.Abruptly it became less important that he adhere to his usual habits. Perhaps he could make time for a little breakfast, Ross reasoned. A five-minute delay would make no difference in his schedule.He found himself seated at the table facing a plate heaped with cakes, crisp bacon, and coddled eggs. Sophia filled a mug with steaming black coffee, and smiled at him once more before resuming her place at the range with Eliza. Ross picked up his fork and stared at it as if he didn't quite know what to do with it."They're good, sir," Ernest ventured, stuffing his mouth so greedily that it seemed likely he would choke.Ross took a bite of the fruit-soaked cake and washed it down with a swallow of hot coffee. As he continued to eat, he felt an unfamiliar sense of well-being. Good God, it had been a long time since he'd had anything other than Eliza's wretched concoctions.For the next few minutes Ross ate until the platter of cakes was demolished. Sophia came now and then to refill his cup or offer more bacon. The cozy warmth of the kitchen and the sight of Sophia as she moved about the room caused a tide of unwilling pleasure inside him.
Like families all over Japan, that morning we tucked into a special New Year's breakfast soup called ozoni. Although recipes vary from region to region, they all contain mochi because the pounded rice dumplings symbolize the breaking of "bread" with the New Year's deity Toshigami-sama. The rest of the ingredients in the soup, aside from the dashi base, vary according to what is fresh and regionally available. So around Hiroshima, for example, cooks add oysters, prawns, and saltwater eel caught from the nearby Inland Sea to their ozoni, while natives of Tokyo toss in nubbins of chicken, sliced fish cake, and spinach-like greens. For those living in Kyoto, the ozoni always includes lots of sweet white miso.
A dozen or so guests gathered in the conservatory for breakfast. The sweet scent of jasmine perfumed the air and an aviary of lemon yellow canaries sang for them. They drank fresh-squeezed juice that smelled like orange blossoms and spooned perfect bites of soft-boiled eggs from fragile shells. White sunlight poured through the glass dome above their heads like an affirmation from heaven, and a constant breeze blew over them as though fanned by invisible servants.Beyond the open doors stretched emerald lawn. Beyond the lawn, the ocean, blue as a robin's egg.
The boldness of his mind was sheathed in a scabbard of politeness.
Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?" said Malfoy. "And he’s supposed to be our teacher!"Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Malfoy, but Hermione got there first - SMACK!She had slapped Malfoy across the face with all the strength she could muster. Malfoy staggered. Harry, Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Hermione raised her hand again."Don’t you dare call Hagrid pathetic you foul—you evil—""Hermione!" said Ron weakly and he tried to grab her hand as she swung it back."Get off Ron!"Hermione pulled out her wand. Malfoy stepped backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions, thoroughly bewildered."C’mon," Malfoy muttered, and in a moment, all three of them had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons."Hermione!" Ron said again, sounding both stunned and impressed.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences.
Our critics make us strong!Our fears make us bold!Our haters make us wise!Our foes make us active!Our obstacles make us passionate!Our losses make us wealthy!Our disappointments make us appointed!Our unseen treasures give us aknown peace!Whatever is designed against us will work for us!
Lord Snow wants to take my place now.' He sneered. 'I'd have an easier time teaching a wolf to juggle than you will training this aurochs.''I'll take that wager, Ser Alliser', Jon said. 'I'd love to see Ghost juggle.
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led.
The way of the superior person is threefold; virtuous, they are free from anxieties; wise they are free from perplexities; and bold they are free from fear.
I have given Him my faith, and sworn my allegiance to Him; how, then, can I go back from this, and not be hanged as a traitor?
Go make your mark on the world. Be a world changer! Live bold for Christ no matter the cost.
Do not wait for a coronation; the greatest emperors crown themselves.
I should have been bolder and kissed her at the end. I should have been more cautious. I had talked too much. I had said too little.
I think sometimes the stories we need are the ones about taking the hobbits to Isengard and dog-human dudes with space heelies and trashy King Arthurs and gay ice-skating animes and Zuko redemption arcs and space princesses with found families and galaxies far, far away. We need those stories, too. Stories that tell us that we can be bold and brash and make mistakes and still come out better on the other side.
When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.
Leadership and unconventional bold thinking are indispensable to one another.
Raise A Fear-Free You!The 'You' That Has Grown Past Fear of the Unknown, Fear of Failure, Fear of Rejection &amp; Fear of Fear Itself!
I AM crazy and bold enough to think that I CAN change the world.... one heart at a time...
It's so easy to bang on about what we're so against, but few live in the boldness of what they're for. Imagine all of the wild and free energies you could put towards your work if you didn't spend so much on trying to figure out why others don't see what you see. Imagine all of the possibilities that your energy could generate if you didn't try to get every single person on your page. You could be in the YES of your work, and the YES of everything you teach and share. You can live in the YES of a big, global awakening with as many people as possible who want to share your light. But you cannot live like that if you are wronging those who are not living on your latitude right now.
I can readily see the tyrants that stand all around me. But what I have a hard time seeing is the hero that resides within me. And I have effectively determined whether I will succeed or fail simply by choosing which of these two I will focus on.
Be bold to begin.
I’m not looking for a road to walk. Rather, I’m looking for a path to create. For creating a path shapes men, while walking a road simply appeases them.
Quite often ‘wishing upon a star’ is a response to a dream that I’ve surrendered to a wish because it was bigger than me, instead of being a dream that has surrender to my wishes because God was bigger than it.
Be bold in what you stand for and careful what you fall for
There is nothing like boldness of being.
To be brave is to accept fear but to refuse to bow to it.
I didn’t realize that Saturday morning that I was going to embark on a similar voyage of my own. A life-changing journey that began when my mother asked me to drop everything and go to Apia on an errand. An errand that would take me into a strange new worldwhere the rules of civilization as we know it were instinctively abandoned and forgotten until the full weight of its reality glared and glared and glared into my eyes, almost blinding me.I’m talking about the forbidden world of incest.The final frontier.However, my journey was not to benefit mankind or anyone else, only the exploration and ultimate fulfillment of my own seventeen-and-a-half-year-old curiosities and desires, and those of the one I came to call Night, who was my brother and my lover.
It is fair to assume that the world is afraid of you
It is the size of my vision and not the size of the challenges that will dictate the size of my accomplishments.
Things taught most that teacher never told, how to grow old and to be bold,Old like wine and bold by the heart.
The most difficult step ever is the first step. It comes with doubts, uncertainties, and all sort of fears. If you defy all odd and take it, your confidence will replicate very fast and you'll become a master!
Don't hang out with people who are:UngratefulUnhelpfulUnrulyUnkindlyUnlovingUnambitiousUnmotivatedor make you feel...Uncomfortable
We need to assess the risk not just to assess the risk, but to determine if there is any risk at all. For if there is none, we might have an idea but we don’t have a dream.
You have already lost if you are always fearful of losing everything.
People who run away from challenges are cowards and no coward deserves a reward.
Live BOLDLY! ......because no one ever told you healing is a life long process.
It’s not about inviting great things into our lives. Rather, it’s about accepting the invitation of great things to step out of our lives.
I've failed over and over but I get back up stronger, better, and bolder. It's the only way I know and want to live.
When dark situations arise, it is opportunity for you to reveal the leader in you. Rise and deal with them.
Be the action and bring the change. Leave the rest to the law of causality. Be bold enough to cause something to happen and it will happen.
Don't hide in the dark to whisper the truth undertone secretly. It's a good way to market your timidity. Be bold.
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
Not like others? You may be inspired differently. Be bold, step out, follow YOUR intuition, no matter how sedate or impossible it may appear
The only reason I can’t jump in and engage life is that I’ve told myself I can’t. Yet I can’t helping wondering would happen if I told myself I could?
No matter what, I would never let the people who wanted me to break see how much damage they had inflicted.
Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.
Weak men cannot handle power. It will either crush them, or they will use it to crush others
Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you
What you believe in makes you bold.
Notable Things Happen In Our Lives When We Don't Allow Fear Roam Freely In Our Situations!
If I were in the deepest coalpit of Nova Scotia, and had the Rocky Mountains piled on top of me, I would not be discouraged, and I would come out on top!
With right fashion, every female would be a flame.
Many adventurers would say that opportunity is something that you find as part of a relentless search, or that it’s something that an imagination unleashed shapes and creates. And while all of that sounds bold and wonderfully fearless, it’s my sense that opportunity is more that thing to which we’ve been called by something larger than ourselves, and less something that is a product of ourselves.
Tell me about your master.”I nod. “He is eighth in line to the throne, the son of—”“No, no,” Caspida interrupts irritably. “Tell me what he is like.”“He is a gambler,” I say. There is no point in lying about these things. “He is bold, but reckless. Brave, but impetuous. A man who . . . holds grudges.” Pausing, I finish in a whisper, “He would risk his life to save someone else, without even thinking twice.”Caspida turns her head a bit, interest growing in her eyes. “And he sets out on a mad voyage and sails straight into a nest of jinn.”“My master is noble,” I say with a smile, “but I made no suggestions as to his intelligence.
Trouble cannot be avoided, you either go looking for it or it will come looking for you.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
To be bold, to believe, that is all there is.
Dresses don't look beautiful on hangers.
He meant for her to sit on his lap? She shook her head. "I couldn't.""You wanted to try the role on for size, lovely," he said, the words warm and coaxing. "Come. Sit with me."She knew without his having to say any more that this was her chance to experience it all. With Ralston.She moved to stand directly in front of him and met his eyes. She did not say anything; she did not have to. Within seconds, he had pulled her down onto his lap and covered her lips with his.There was no turning back.She gave herself up to the adventure. And to him.
A timid act may be more boldthan one would first assume,For whispered truth is braver,than to silently resume.
Refuse To Allow Limitations Stop You!
Bravery is not found in getting knocked down. Rather, bravery is found is getting back up knowing that you’re going to get knocked down again.
It's time to shop high heels if your fiance kisses you on the forehead.
To imagine oneself playing a role in an epic story is exhilarating, but to actually step into an epic story is terrifying. And the problem is that imagination might be safe, but being safe doesn’t write any stories worth reading.
It's not about taking a stand, for anyone can do that.  Rather, it's about taking a stand for the right reasons, and taking a stand against taking a stand when they're not. And that’s where more of us need to learn to stand.
If anything I urge you to live bravely and beyond your own comfort zone.
The man who waits to know everything is the man who never does anything.
I have learned that if you have something to say, say it regardless, no matter what the outcome is, it will serve you, eventually.
„Fă ce poți cu ce ai, acolo unde ești.
How dare you?' Bayar began, but his voice had lost some of its force. 'How dare you come into this sacred hall, flinging accusations?''I have not yet made any accusations,' Willo said. 'Perhaps it is your own guilt clamoring in your ears.
What pensive people define as ‘lost’ is what bolder people define as ‘adventure’. The former remains huddled in their constricted boxes, while the latter tread the crest of horizons.
It does not matter whether you are quiet, witty, reserved, bold or overtly passionate unless you convert your words into action.
Be BOLD like a cicada - Pipe the heck up!!
Live bold, without fear. This is life amongst the deer.
Jimena sensed their fear. That brought a smile to her face. Her reputation was still so big that even tough enimigas wouldn't face her down.She strutted past them, her heels snapping loudly on the sidewalk. She enjoyed the feel of their admiring eyes, their sideways glances and the wonder she saw on their faces. Jimena wasn't choloed out in khakis, a tight T, and long, boyfriend-borrowed Pendletons. She wore a slinky dress and ankle-breaking high-heels. The rain made the dress cling to her body, so they knew she wasn't strapping. No gun. Still, they were afraid to confront her.This time she stopped for the red light, pausing to let the chicas know she didn't fear them. It felt good to be the toughest chola en el condado de Los Angeles. She was still down for Ninth Street, her old gang, but at age fifteen, already a veterana. A leyenda, her homegirls told her with pride. Jimena had been a real badass before she understood her destiny. She glanced at the scars and tattoos on her hand. What would the klika-girls do if they knew her true identity?
Be fearless. Be bold. Be Magic.
There’s always a risk, but the greatest risk is not to risk.
I can endlessly ‘talk’ about the need to ‘listen’. Yet in doing so, I’m once again doing the very opposite of what I say I should be doing.
Do the big, impossible thing. More heroically: be the big, impossible thing.
There is a point to which we alone can take ourselves. And while we think that to be the pinnacle of our existence, with God it is the point of departure for our existence.
I play the scenario of the hero out in my head, and in doing so I revel at the thought of boldly abating the darkness and saving the day. Yet, until I face the searing scourge of battle and am thickly bloodied by it, I will not understand that to imagine oneself as a hero without being laden with the scars of battle is fiction only. And if I am sufficiently brave, maybe someday I will turn that fiction to fact.
I can live out the entirety of my days and never take a stand. Yet, if this is true, I have in fact never lived out my days. Rather, I died without living at all.
Hesitation creates gaps. Boldness obliterates them.
Sages suggest that we must display the courage to live life like a soldier warrior without being a soldier.
Be bold in life. Seize the moment. There is no surrender, no retreat. There is only conquer or be conquered, victory or defeat. Anything less is to be forgotten to history.
Learn to master your thoughts and watch closely what you deposit into your spirit. Speak over your life. Living in peace has transformative power.
Fear not, but be bold:A decent boldness ever meets with friends,succeeds, and e’en a stranger recommends.Odyssey vii. 50.
It is in boldly unleashing our faith that we effectively leash our fears.
Everyone appears to be courageous until bad weathers arrive, and then we know the true leaders.
When we feel we have benched ourselves for too long, we must loosen up the unessential, get over our endless cringing and make a bold leap to the glowing stars of our dream. ("Steaming ahead" )
If I’m conceited enough to believe I’m invincible, then maybe it will take me doing the very thing I swore I would never do to understand that I’m not as wonderful as I thought I was.
They say watch the breathing, watch the diet and for God’s sake make that kid go quiet. But they never say: “I am wrong and you are right”, because the self –pride they always want to hide! But in time, like the truth it shall come to surface and all those lies, that awful misery they always boast about will be extinct, whilst their conscience filled with guilt.
The restless adventurer within me stands eye-to-eye with the fear that has stepped directly in my path. And the thing I absolutely must not do is to blink first.
We somehow have led ourselves to believe that our questions are big enough to encircle life, and that life is small enough to be contained by the answers. The real question might be, are we ignorant or just plain stupid?
Risk is the clue that our dreams are both real and great.
Which gate to enter? Which path to choose? Which stairs to take? Which direction to go? These questions can be very depressive! And sometimes the solution lies in being bold, in being imprudent!
If you are an aspiring leader and you have not yet gone through any trouble, prepare for one. It is by going through the hard times that you become harder against the storms of life.
Realize your purpose and carry it out boldly
I constantly watch people like Marion Cotillard or Cate Blanchett or Kate Winslet... I have a fear of being passive, and what I admire about all those actresses is that every choice they make is really strong. Even if they're playing something very quiet, it's visceral and bold.
Maybe the only way to make the life I'd been wishing for a reality was to do something big. If destiny was going to try and keep me here, I was going to have to do something bold to change it.
You werewater to medeep and bold and fathoming' - Praise Song For My Mother by Charlotte Mew
Do not be afraid of that which should be afraid of you
she had shed her old skin that was raw and she has transformed into a person so different from the general. She was bold, well learned, and a phoenix that grew out of ashes.
Any girl with a grin never looks grim.
To believe in God is to be bold.
Timidity is the silent acceptance of bondage
A lion will never be afraid of sheep, no matter how many outnumber it.
I know stating my observation aloud is considered fresh, an indiscrete come-on, but frankly I think more people should hear the truth about themselves. Screw what society thinks, right?” – Jack Buchanan
There is something magical and transformational about saying “yes” to God. When you take His hand, step out of that boat (your ordinary, comfortable life), and be brave. Instead of spending your lifetime living in fear and playing it safe, you boldly walk in obedience. God makes you brave.
She awaits the rain like a writer embraces metaphors,A drizzle isn't for the child who dances in the storm.Of rain that washes away the petrichor it brings,A downpour of a hail of bullets, and she calls it spring.
You don't have to look nice to be wise.
The quickest way a person can defame your character is by taking something you said out of context. But Fear Not. Everyone that was ever Anyone always had their words taken out of context. If you can't handle having your words twisted up, then leadership is not for you. Leadership is reserved for the ‪#‎BRAVE‬.
My dreams couldn't defeat me!
To be independent is an privilege.
How dare you?' Bayar began, but his voice had lost some of its force. 'How dare you come into this sacred hall, flinging accusations?''I have not yet made any accusations,' Willo said. 'Perhaps it is our own guilt clamoring in your ears.
To grow is not to timidly sit on some safe shore at water’s edge and clumsily grab whatever happens to float by me. Rather, it is to deliberately step into waters both calm and turbulent in order to wrestle great things to shore.
Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty.
Dresses won't worn out in the wardrobe, but that is not what dresses are designed for.
It’s not the smart that get ahead, but the bold.
Dare to be the person you were designed to be.
Was that his name? I never had a chance to ask. He was too intent upon tearing out my throat for us to engage in idle chitchat.
I was drinking in the surroundings: air so crisp you could snap it with your fingers and greens in every lush shade imaginable offset by autumnal flashes of red and yellow.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Before you call yourself a Christian, Buddhist, Muslim, Hindu or any other theology, learn to be human first.
SAUL: 'We made love outdoors, my favorite place to make love, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and dripping with sweat.
Water, water, water....There is no shortage of water in the desert but exactly the right amount , a perfect ratio of water to rock, water to sand, insuring that wide free open, generous spacing among plants and animals, homes and towns and cities, which makes the arid West so different from any other part of the nation. There is no lack of water here unless you try to establish a city where no city should be.
Maybe freedom really is nothing left to lose. You had it once in childhood, when it was okay to climb a tree, to paint a crazy picture and wipe out on your bike, to get hurt. The spirit of risk gradually takes its leave. It follows the wild cries of joy and pain down the wind, through the hedgerow, growing ever fainter. What was that sound? A dog barking far off? That was our life calling to us, the one that was vigorous and undefended and curious.
None of your knowledge, your reading, your connections will be of any use here: two legs suffice, and big eyes to see with. Walk alone, across mountains or through forests. You are nobody to the hills or the thick boughs heavy with greenery. You are no longer a role, or a status, not even an individual, but a body, a body that feels sharp stones on the paths, the caress of long grass and the freshness of the wind. When you walk, the world has neither present nor future: nothing but the cycle of mornings and evenings. Always the same thing to do all day: walk. But the walker who marvels while walking (the blue of the rocks in a July evening light, the silvery green of olive leaves at noon, the violet morning hills) has no past, no plans, no experience. He has within him the eternal child. While walking I am but a simple gaze.
To me the outdoors is what you must pass through in order to get from your apartment into a taxicab.
The green-eyed angel came in less than a half hour and fell docile as a lamb into my arms. We kissed and caressed, I met no resistance when I unlaced the strings to free her dress and fill myself in the moist and hot bed nature made between her thighs. We made love outdoors—without a roof, I like most, without stove, my favorite place, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and dripping with dew, and our love for each other was seen. Our love for the world was new.
Camping has become one of my most beloved pastimes. I take a fierce delight in swinging a pak o my back or into a canoe and heading for the hills or lakes. In my opinion, camping can be the greatest expression of free will, personal independence, innate ability, and resourcefulness possible today in our industrialized, urbanized existence. Regardless of how miserable or how splendid the circumstances, the sheer experience of camping seems a total justification for doing it.
No Geologist worth anything is permanently bound to a desk or laboratory, but the charming notion that true science can only be based on unbiased observation of nature in the raw is mythology. Creative work, in geology and anywhere else, is interaction and synthesis: half-baked ideas from a bar room, rocks in the field, chains of thought from lonely walks, numbers squeezed from rocks in a laboratory, numbers from a calculator riveted to a desk, fancy equipment usually malfunctioning on expensive ships, cheap equipment in the human cranium, arguments before a road cut.
I never knew I liked to be outside so much. I never knew I liked lochs and views and that, but I could seriously handle living in a cottage by the side of somewhere like this."The Panopticon
We made love outdoors—without a roof, I like most, without stove, my favorite place, assuming the weather be fair and balmy, and the earth beneath be clean. Our souls intertwined and dripping with dew, and our love for each other was seen. Our love for the world was new.
The whole concatenation of wild and artificial things, the natural ecosystem as modified by people over the centuries, the build environment layered over layers, the eerie mix of sounds and smells and glimpses neither natural nor crafted- all of it is free for the taking, for the taking in. Take it, take it in, take in more every weekend, every day, and quickly it becomes the theater that intrigues, relaxes, fascinates, seduces, and above all expands any mind focused on it. Outside lies utterly ordinary space open to any casual explorer willing to find the extraordinary. Outside lies unprogrammed awareness that at times becomes directed serendipity. Outside lies magic.
Summer on the high plateau can be delectable as honey; it can also be a roaring scourge. To those who love the place, both are good, since both are part of its essential nature. And it is to know its essential nature that I am seeking here. To know, that is, with the knowledge that is a process of living. This is not done easily nor in an hour. It is a tale too slow for the impatience of our age, not of immediate enough import for its desperate problems. Yet it has its own rare value. It is, for one thing, a corrective of glib assessment: one never quite knows the mountain, nor oneself in relation to it. However often I walk on them, these hills hold astonishment for me. There is no getting accustomed to them.
A good roast of sun, it slows you, lets you relax–and out here if there's anything wrong, you can see it coming with bags of time to do what's next. This is the place and the weather for peace, for the cultivation of a friendly mind.
Sometimes, the most productive thing that you can do is to step outside and do nothing... relax and enjoy nature.
Brute animals are the most healthy, and they are exposed to all weather, and of men, those are healthiest who are the most exposed.
One cannot know the rivers till one has seen them at their sources; but this journey to sources is not to be undertaken lightly. One walks among elementals, and elementals are not governable. There are awakened also in oneself by the contact elementals that are as unpredictable as wind or snow
…every now and then when I felt the necessity of a strong inspiration of soul-thought. My heart was dusty, parched for want of the rain of deep feeling; my mind arid and dry, for there is a dust which settles on the heart as well as that which falls on a ledge. It is injurious to the mind as well as the body to be always in one place and always surrounded by the same circumstances. A species of thick clothing slowly grows about my mind … little habits become a part of existence, and by degrees the mind is inclosed in a husk. When this began to form I felt eager to escape from it … to drink deeply once more at the fresh fountains of life. An inspiration -- a long deep breath of pure air of thought -- could alone give health to the heart. There was a hill to which I used to resort at such periods. The labour of walking three miles to it, all the while gradually ascending, seemed to clear my blood of the heaviness accumulated at home … the slow continued rise required continual effort, which carried away the sense of oppression … Moving up the sweet short turf, at every step my heart seemed to obtain a wider horizon of feeling; with every inhalation of rich pure air, a deeper desire … By the time I had reached the summit I had entirely forgotten the petty circumstances and the annoyances of existence. I felt myself, myself'.
When pressed, hunters who claim that they just want “to be out in the wilderness,” will admit that the kill is essential—or at least the hope of a kill. As it turns out, there is no correlation between hunting and hiking, climbing, backpacking, kayaking, or any other outdoor activity. Hunters do not purposefully linger in the woods after a kill, but quickly begin the process of preparing to head home with the corpse. For hunters, the kill is the climax—the most important moment. They are not driving into the woods (or sometimes actually walking) for the sake of beauty, but in the hope of a kill.
But I want to be free, I want to fly away. If that means living outdoors, well, that's fine by me. If it means not having any food, so what? The only sustenance that matters is the love in my dog's eyes and the hope of meeting people who dare to truly live.
The outdoors is best viewed from inside.
Catch fireflies in flight, crinkle grass under your toes and know that you are always beloved always beautiful .... a dream within a dream.
Land forests are the coral reefs of the ocean of air.
Like roundness, or silence, their quality is natural, but it is found so seldom in its absolute state that when we do so find it we are astonished.
The wild unbounded hills we ranged,While oft our talk its topic changed, And, desultory as our way,Ranged, unconfined from grave to gay. Even when it flagg'd , as oft will chance, No effort made to break its trance, We could right pleasantly pursue Our thoughts in social silence too
Humanity is united in its essential nature and is divided only in those things that are of secondary importance.
Everything in Nature called destruction must be creation-a change from beauty to beauty.
For any sustained and more or less original work it seems most necessary that one should have the quietude and strength of Nature at hand, like a great reservoir from which to draw. The open air, and the physical and mental health that goes with it, the sense of space and freedom of the Sky, the vitality and amplitude of the Earth -- these are real things from which one can only cut oneself off at serious peril and risk to one's immortal soul.
Some of us are drawn to mountains the way the moon draws the tide. Both the great forests and the mountains live in my bones. They have taught me, humbled me, purified me and changed me.
Hiking is not escapism; it's realism. The people who choose to spend time outdoors are not running away from anything; we are returning to where we belong.
All that grows upward must remain firmly rooted in earth for it to prosper.
Live bold, without fear. This is life amongst the deer.
He went back to his solitary wanderings. Believing any set of four walls to be a tomb or a trap, he preferred to float over the most barren of open spaces.
In our best times everything turns into religion, all the world seems a church and the mountains altars.
As a child, one has that magical capacity to move among the many eras of the earth; to see the land as an animal does; to experience the sky from the perspective of a flower or a bee; to feel the earth quiver and breathe beneath us; to know a hundred different smells of mud and listen unselfconciously to the soughing of the trees.
…walking will always be to his benefit - that is, of course, so long as he does not warp his soul by the detestable habit of walking for no object but exercise … walk for glory or for adventure, or to see new sights … and you will very soon find how consonant is walking with your whole being. The chief proof of this … is the way in which a man walking becomes the cousin or the brother of everything around.
He decides it is better to die in Ireland than in Paris because in Ireland the outdoors looks like the outdoors and gravestones are mossy and chipped, and the letters wear down with the wind and the rain so everyone gets forgotten in time, and life flies on.
Outside, the dogs whine over the wind. They sense the wolves - they sense the wild. It calls to them, like it calls to me, and I wonder sometimes if we are the only ones who hear it.
It should be expected that we will find wonder in a vast mountain landscape, but it is a more serious challenge to find wonder in a hill. It is a great achievement to find it in a molehill.
Never have I thought so much, never have I realised my own existence so much, been so much alive, been so much myself ... as in those journeys which I have made alone and afoot. Walking has something in it which animates and heightens my ideas: I can scarcely think when I stay in one place ; my body must be set a-going if my mind is to work. The sight of the country, the succession of beautiful scenes ... releases my soul, gives me greater courage of thought, throws me as it were into the midst of the immensity of the objects of Nature ... my heart, surveying one object after another, unites itself, identifies itself with those in sympathy with it, surrounds itself with delightful images, intoxicates itself with emotions the most exquisite.
A walk. The atmosphere incredibly pure ... joy in one's whole being ... I abandoned myself to life and to nature ... To open one's heart in purity to this ever-pure nature, to allow this immortal life of things to penetrate into one's soul, is at the same time to listen to the voice of God. Sensation may be a prayer, and self-abandonment an act of devotion.
There is no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothes.
I realize that in giving birth, managing a household, raising a child, and composting potato peels in a city, I have learned some things about wildness that even Thoreau could not have known.
I know you find your banishment from court hard, but, believe me, it could be much, much worse. This is not a true prison. You can come out here to the garden and see the sky and listen to the birds singing and the bees humming in the flowers. You can work with your own two hands and see things you have planted grow and bring beauty to the world. You can eat what you have grown, and that is a joy too. Then there is the music and the singing, which is a balm to the soul, and the convent itself is filled with beauty, the soaring pillars and the windows glowing like jewels and the embroidered tapestries.
Walker-thinkers have found various ways to accommodate the gifts that their walking brings. Caught paperless on his walks in the Czech enclaves of Iowa, maestro Dvořák scribbles the string quartets that visited his brain on his starched white shirt cuffs (so the legend goes). More proactively, Thomas Hobbes fashioned a walking stick for himself with an inkwell attached, and modern poet Mary Oliver leaves pencils in the trees along her usual pathways, in case a poem descends during her rambles.
LOSE YOURSELF IN A BOOK, FIND YOURSELF OUTSIDE
No single mountain ever came to me...so I always go to them
I'm looking for kindling kids...don't follow me.
not the least of the practical blessings incident to a walk is that you are beyond the reach of letters and telegrams and telephones
Vitamin S – The sunlight (S) vitamin, however too much or too little will make you sick.
The Native Americans, whose wisdom Thoreau admired, regarded the Earth itself as a sacred source of energy. To stretch out on it brought repose, to sit on the ground ensured greater wisdom in councils, to walk in contact with its gravity gave strength and endurance. The Earth was an inexhaustible well of strength: because it was the original Mother, the feeder, but also because it enclosed in its bosom all the dead ancestors. It was the element in which transmission took place. Thus, instead of stretching their hands skyward to implore the mercy of celestial divinities, American Indians preferred to walk barefoot on the Earth: The Lakota was a true Naturist – a lover of Nature. He loved the earth and all things of the earth, the attachment growing with age. The old people came literally to love the soil and they sat or reclined on the ground with a feeling of being close to a mothering power. It was good for the skin to touch the earth and the old people liked to remove their moccasins and walk with bare feet on the sacred earth. Their tipis were built upon the earth and their altars were made of earth. The birds that flew in the air came to rest on the earth and it was the final abiding place of all things that lived and grew. The soil was soothing, strengthening, cleansing and healing. That is why the old Indian still sits upon the earth instead of propping himself up and away from its life-giving forces. For him, to sit or lie upon the ground is to be able to think more deeply and to feel more keenly; he can see more clearly into the mysteries of life and come closer in kinship to other lives about him. Walking, by virtue of having the earth’s support, feeling its gravity, resting on it with every step, is very like a continuous breathing in of energy. But the earth’s force is not transmitted only in the manner of a radiation climbing through the legs. It is also through the coincidence of circulations: walking is movement, the heart beats more strongly, with a more ample beat, the blood circulates faster and more powerfully than when the body is at rest. And the earth’s rhythms draw that along, they echo and respond to each other. A last source of energy, after the heart and the Earth, is landscapes. They summon the walker and make him at home: the hills, the colours, the trees all confirm it. The charm of a twisting path among hills, the beauty of vine fields in autumn, like purple and gold scarves, the silvery glitter of olive leaves against a defining summer sky, the immensity of perfectly sliced glaciers … all these things support, transport and nourish us.
Simply is as simply does
Nature's lessons are hard to learn. Harder still is it to translate Nature's lessons to others. Beside, the appeal of Nature is to the Emotions; and words are weak things ... by which to convey or to evoke emotion. Words seem to be the vehicles rather of ratiocination than of emotion. If, in these pages, there are scattered speculations semi-mystical, semi-intelligible, perhaps even transcending the boundaries of rigid logic, I must simply aver that i put in writing that only which was given me to say.
Oftentimes, it’s only when we are in the wilds, amidst nature, when we are challenged to reconnect with our main primal needs – finding shelter, water, and food, and working together with the environment – that a real sense of living comes back to us. This does not just happen to me, but by observation, to everyone who finds themselves once again among the wilds. For me, adventures aren’t just about doing something crazy, but rather about connecting with forgotten core elements of life. In effect, the single feeling that many people seek, but can’t seem to find anywhere else, returns – and that is the feeling of being alive.
Some immensity of Being. It is to this that in reality all Nature points. The clouds, the skies, the greenery of earth, the myriad forms of vegetation at our feet, stir as these may the soul to its depths, they are but single chords in the orchestra of Life. It is the great paean of Being that Nature chants ... Through them it is that we detect the enormous but incomprehensible unity which underlies this incommensurable multiplicity. The wavelet's plash; the purl of the rill; the sough of the wind in the pines - these are but notes in the divine diapason of Life ... Alas, that so fear hear aught but a thin and scrannel sound!
...those who think their God ... has nowhere so plainly shown himself as in his works, will seek in the face and lineaments of Nature that consoling smile which every lonely soul so miserably craves ... betake thee to the fields; betake thee to the woods ... thou shalt be comforted ... Lay thy tired head on Nature's breast ... always there is at hand the Infinite and the Eternal: about thee, above thee ...
Think while walking, walk while thinking, and let writing be but the light pause, as the body on a walk rests in contemplation of wide open spaces.
Days of slow walking are very long: they make you live longer, because you have allowed every hour, every minute, every second to breathe, to deepen, instead of filling them up by straining the joints…
Kaç sene oldu altın başakların arasında koşup, yemyeşil çimenlerde yuvarlanmayalı? Kaç sene oldu pamuk bulutlara basıp, masmavi gökyüzü ile yıkanmayalı? Büyüdün diye mi uzaktan bakıp iç geçirmekle yetiniyorsun sadece? Yoksa ayıp olur mu diye çekiniyorsun bu yaştan sonra çayıra, çimene? Buna büyümek değil, yaşlanmak deniyor dostum. Koş, yat, yuvarlan... Üstün başın kirlensin, çimen kok, toprak dolsun ayakkabılarına... Hatta bir iki tane de diken batsın koluna, bacağına. Canın acısın. Bir canın olduğunu anla... Toprağın altına girmeden önce, üstüyle hesabın kalmasın...
Blinding, mineral, shattering silence. You hear nothing but the quiet crunch of stones underfoot. An implacable, definitive silence, like a transparent death. Sky of a perfectly detached blue. You advance with eyes down, reassuring yourself sometimes with a silent mumbling. Cloudless sky, limestone slabs filled with presence: silence nothing can sidestep. Silence fulfilled, vibrant immobility, tensed like a bow. There’s the silence of early morning. For long routes in autumn you have to start very early. Outside everything is violet, the dim light slanting through red and gold leaves. It is an expectant silence. You walk softly among huge dark trees, still swathed in traces of blue night. You are almost afraid of awakening. Everything whispering quietly. There’s the silence of walks through the snow, muffled footsteps under a white sky. All around you nothing moves. Things and even time itself are iced up, frozen solid in silent immobility. Everything is stopped, unified, thickly padded. A watching silence, white, fluffy, suspended as if in parentheses.
I was well on the way to tacking together a sort of nature religion to make up fro Grandpa's defection, an apotheosis of the back of beyond, in which I was just another thinking thing, neuter, drab, camouflaged. There'd be sermons in stones, and books to read in the haybarn, for ever and ever. Amen.
The need for wildness is written within our genes, in a language we are just beginning to understand. And in wilderness we will find the Rosetta Stone that can unravel this ancient language of our bones.
I don't like either the word [hike] or the thing. People ought to saunter in the mountains - not 'hike!' Do you know the origin of that word saunter? It's a beautiful word. Away back in the middle ages people used to go on pilgrimages to the Holy Land, and when people in the villages through which they passed asked where they were going they would reply, 'A la sainte terre', 'To the Holy Land.' And so they became known as sainte-terre-ers or saunterers. Now these mountains are our Holy Land, and we ought to saunter through them reverently, not 'hike' through them.
Walking: it hits you at first like an immense breathing in the ears. You feel the silence as if it were a great fresh wind blowing away clouds. There’s the silence of woodland. Clumps and groves of trees form shifting, uncertain walls around us. We walk along existing paths, narrow winding strips of beaten earth. We quickly lose our sense of direction. That silence is tremulous, uneasy. Then there’s the silence of tough summer afternoon walks across the flank of a mountain, stony paths, exposed to an uncompromising sun.
The word "landmark" is from the old English "landmearc", meaning 'an object in the landscape which, by its conspicuousness, serves as a guide in the direction of one's course.
Walking causes a repetitive, spontaneous poetry to rise naturally to the lips, words as simple as the sound of footsteps on the road. There also seems to be an echo of walking in the practice of two choruses singing a psalm in alternate verses, each on a single note, a practice that makes it possible to chant and listen by turns. Its main effect is one of repetition and alternation that St Ambrose compared to the sound of the sea: when a gentle surf is breaking quietly on the shore the regularity of the sound doesn’t break the silence, but structures it and renders it audible. Psalmody in the same way, in the to-and-fro of alternating responses, produces (Ambrose said) a happy tranquillity in the soul. The echoing chants, the ebb and flow of waves recall the alternating movement of walking legs: not to shatter but to make the world’s presence palpable and keep time with it. And just as Claudel said that sound renders silence accessible and useful, it ought to be said that walking renders presence accessible and useful.
Slowness means cleaving perfectly to time, so closely that the seconds fall one by one, drop by drop like the steady dripping of a tap on stone. This stretching of time deepens space. It is one of the secrets of walking: a slow approach to landscapes that gradually renders them familiar. Like the regular encounters that deepen friendship.
You need to be outdoors. Away from here. You need a holiday.
I am extremely happy walking on the downs...I like to have space to spread my mind out in.
But walking causes absorption. Walking interminably, taking in through your pores the height of the mountains when you are confronting them at length, breathing in the shape of the hills for hours at a time during a slow descent. The body becomes steeped in the earth it treads. And thus, gradually, it stops being in the landscape: it becomes the landscape. That doesn’t have to mean dissolution, as if the walker were fading away to become a mere inflection, a footnote. It’s more a flashing moment: sudden flame, time catching fire. And here, the feeling of eternity is all at once that vibration between presences. Eternity, here, in a spark.
In the history of walking, many experts considering him (Wordsworth) the authentic originator of the long expedition. He was the first – at a time (the late eighteenth century) when walking was the lot of the poor, vagabonds and highwaymen, not to mention travelling showmen and pedlars – to conceive of the walk as a poetic act, a communion with Nature, fulfilment of the body, contemplation of the landscape. Christopher Morley wrote of him that he was ‘one of the first to use his legs in the service of philosophy’.
This time, there’s no question of freeing yourself from artifice to taste simple joys. Instead there is the promise of meeting a freedom head-on as an outer limit of the self and of the human, an internal overflowing of a rebellious Nature that goes beyond you. Walking can provoke these excesses: surfeits of fatigue that make the mind wander, abundances of beauty that turn the soul over, excesses of drunkenness on the peaks, the high passes (where the body explodes). Walking ends by awakening this rebellious, archaic part of us: our appetites become rough and uncompromising, our impulses inspired. Because walking puts us on the vertical axis of life: swept along by the torrent that rushes just beneath us. What I mean is that by walking you are not going to meet yourself. By walking, you escape from the very idea of identity, the temptation to be someone, to have a name and a history. Being someone is all very well for smart parties where everyone is telling their story, it’s all very well for psychologists’ consulting rooms. But isn’t being someone also a social obligation which trails in its wake – for one has to be faithful to the self-portrait – a stupid and burdensome fiction? The freedom in walking lies in not being anyone; for the walking body has no history, it is just an eddy in the stream of immemorial life.
Perhaps the itinerant monks called ‘Gyrovagues’ were especially responsible for promoting this view of our condition as eternal strangers. They journeyed ceaselessly from monastery to monastery, without fixed abode, and they haven’t quite disappeared, even today: it seems there are still a handful tramping Mount Athos. They walk for their entire lives on narrow mountain paths, back and forth on a long repeated round, sleeping at nightfall wherever their feet have taken them; they spend their lives murmuring prayers on foot, walk all day without destination or goal, this way or that, taking branching paths at random, turning, returning, without going anywhere, illustrating through endless wandering their condition as permanent strangers in this profane world.
When one has walked a long way to reach the turning in the path that discloses an anticipated view, and that view appears, there is always a vibration of the landscape. It is repeated in the walker’s body. The harmony of the two presences, like two strings in tune, each feeding off the vibration of the other, is like an endless relaunch. Eternal Recurrence is the unfolding in a continuous circle of the repetition of those two affirmations, the circular transformation of the vibration of the presences. The walker’s immobility facing that of the landscape … it is the very intensity of that co-presence that gives birth to an indefinite circularity of exchanges: I have always been here, tomorrow, contemplating this landscape.
...Nature becomes your teacher, and from her you will learn what is beautiful and who you are and what is your special quest in life and whither you should go...You live on manna vouchsafed to you daily, miraculously. You stretch out arms for hidden gifts, you year toward the moonbeams and the stars, you listen with new ears to bird's songs and the murmurs of trees and streams....From day to day you keep your log, your day-book of the soul, and you may think at first that it is a mere record of travel and of facts; but something else will be entering into it, poetry, the new poetry of your life, and it will be evident to a seeing eye that you are gradually becoming an artist in life, you are learning the gentle art of tramping, and it is giving you an artist's joy in creation.
Joy is not the satisfied contemplation of an accomplished result, the emotion of victory, the satisfaction of having succeeded. It is the sign of an energy that is deftly deployed, it is a free affirmation: everything comes easy. Joy is an activity: executing with ease something difficult that has taken time to master, asserting the faculties of the mind and the body. Joys of thought when it finds and discovers, joys of the body when it achieves without effort. That is why joy, unlike pleasure, increases with repetition, and is enriched. When you are walking, joy is a basso continuo. Locally, of course, you may run into effort and difficulty. You will also find immediate moments of contentment: a proud gaze backwards to contemplate the long steep plunge of the slope behind you. Those satisfactions, though, too often present an opportunity to reintroduce quantities, scores, figures (which track? how long? what altitude?). And walking becomes a competition. That is why expeditions in high mountain country (conquering peaks, each one a challenge) are always slightly impure: because they give rise to narcissistic gratification. What dominates in walking, away from ostentation and showing off, is the simple joy of feeling your body in the most primitively natural activity.
But I would point out that there is another and still more important function of great mountains - the culture not of athletic faculty alone, but of that intellectual sympathy with untamed and primitive Nature which our civilization threatens to destroy. A mountain is something more than a thing to climb. To the many who, on a fine summer day, swarm up Skiddaw or Snowdon by the well-worn pony-paths, it is pure holiday-making; to the few who (in another sense) swarm up Scafell Pinnacel or the Napes needle, it is pure gymnastics; but between or beyond these two classes there are those - pilgrims I call them - who find mountain climbing what only mountains can give, the contact with unsophisticated Nature, the opportunity to be alone, to be out of and above the world of ordinary life, to pass from the familiar sights and surroundings into a cloudland of new shapes and sounds, where one feels the fascination of that undiscoverable secret (I do not know how else to name it) by which every true nature-lover is allured.
An author who composes while walking, on the other hand, is free from such bonds; his thought is not the slave of other volumes, not swollen with verifications, nor weighted with the thought of others. It contains no explanation owed to anyone: just thought, judgement, decision. It is thought born of a movement, an impulse. In it we can feel the body’s elasticity, the rhythm of a dance. It retains and expresses the energy, the springiness of the body. Here is thought about the thing itself, without the scrambling, the fogginess, the barriers, the customs clearances of culture and tradition. The result will not be long and meticulous exegesis, but thoughts that are light and profound. That is really the challenge: the lighter a thought, the more it rises, and becomes profound by rising – vertiginously – above the thick marshes of conviction, opinion, established thought. While books conceived in the library are on the contrary superficial and heavy. They remain on the level of recopying.
I’m likely to stay here, pen in hand, until dusk comes and my writing melts into the twilight.
Smart people that like good health spend several hours outdoors daily in the shade of trees.
You lift your head, you’re on your way, but really just to be walking, to be out of doors. That’s it, that’s all, and you’re there. Outdoors is our element: the exact sensation of living there.
There are no new themes for a writer, only new ways of setting down old themes, new eyes to wander among old rocks.
Scholars, I plead with you, Where are your dictionaries of the wind, the grasses?
We both loved the birds and animals and plants. We both felt far happier out of doors. I felt a peace in nature that I could never find in the human world, as you know.
When walking in this mode we discover the immense vigour of starry night skies, elemental energies, and our appetites follow: they are enormous, and our bodies are satisfied. When you have slammed the world’s door, there is nothing left to hold you: pavements no longer guide your steps (the path, a hundred thousand times repeated, of the return to the fold). Crossroads shimmer like hesitant stars, you rediscover the tremulous fear of choosing, a vertiginous freedom.
As Gabe continued to speak, he sounded to be a cheerful and intelligent person, two attributes I have commonly found associated with people who spend most of their time outdoors.-from New River, in the anthology AWAKE IN THE WORLD
And as we know from the pilgrimage diaries of Swami Ramdas, it is when we renounce everything that everything is given to us, in abundance. Everything: meaning the intensity of presence itself.
Although the deepest of snow in living memory lay upon the ground, the sun was shining and Aurelia breathed easiest out of doors. The four walls of any given room could not give her the horizons she longed for - horizons she could measure with her eyes and strive to conquer with her own two legs. She was like a wild animal, Cook always said.
I don’t want just words. If that’s all you have for me, you’d better go
All my years to this momentAll my roads to this wall.All my words to this silenceAll my pride to this fall.-Songs of Sapphique
Seriously", Macey snapped. "go. Kiss. A baby""can you believe her?" Preston asked, coking his head towards macey." everytime she sees me, all she does is call me baby and talk about kissing."Macey looked like she wanted to kill him. But I kind of wanted to laugh.
No soldier outlives a thousand chances. But every soldier believes in Chance and trusts his luck.
The compass rose is nothing but a star with an infinite number of rays pointing in all directions.It is the one true and perfect symbol of the universe.And it is the one most accurate symbol of you.Spread your arms in an embrace, throw your head back, and prepare to receive and send coordinates of being. For, at last you know—you are the navigator, the captain, and the ship.
The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.
There are many secrets; don’t try to resolve them all.
Procrastination can wait for Tomorrrow.
turns me on so loud it's like no sound, everybody yelling at me hands over their ears from behind a glass wall, faces working around in talk circles but no sound from the mouths. my sound soaks up all other sound.
One in AllAll in One--If only this is realized,No more worry about your not being perfect (175)
To live a harmonious life, all you need is clarity of mind
Dust to dust, ashes to ashes. Is that all?
Love is God of All.
Never say no to sex
We are all here with unique abilities, and hence our purpose is also unique.
Time goes through all times.
I think we can all be a little unwise. There is always something else to learn.
Akin to patience, tolerance has limits as well. Always keep your limits when you tolerate some folks, or else, you'll be oppressed.
Research makes you discover a lot of things and all must draw you closer to God.
After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.
All motion is time in motion.
We cannot see all that is at stake, because all is at stake.
Love; so here then, we all are, home at last.
All knowledge, intellectual people should come together at one place and try to bring harmony by means of exchange of thoughts and ideas. When all of them unite they progress rapidly and attain their aims. The external forces cannot harm us in any way.
There Is One Thing Stronger Than All The Fundamental forces Of Nature, And That Is A Moment In Time!
We are not stardust. We are all stars in the sky.
Time is the source of all resources.
Working in a company is euphoric and it is even blissful because of the people who treated you as family.
You should be the model for all men,But your affairs are crooked!The standard for all men cheats the whole land!The vintner of evil waters his plot with crimes,Until his plot sprouts falsehood,His estate flows with crimes!
We are in the process of finding out what filling the sky with hundreds of thousands of satellites does to all life on Earth.
another sunsetedges towards the trails endall brings that opportunity for a rewind aheadplug for the recharge,loosen the laces for needed reliefa beverage, a nutritional morsel,and a soft pillowlife is good, thanks once again
Love is God in all.
In this life, one can choose to make themselves visible for the world to see, or invisibly slither along like a wraith in the night.
I dread having to call the police, as I have no idea if they will send good cop, bad cop, lying cop, incompetent cop, aggressive cop, assaulting cop, corrupt cop, or the worst one of them all, the terminator cop.
There are all types of universe in the multiverse but never the same universe twice.
Quantum is what's going to be all about… FUTURE
Your marks don’t matter when your radiance is overwhelming. When we’re our best selves we forget all those imperfections and appreciate beauty for how it is.
There are people that I love I am all of them
The TSA liked having fresh agents on the job. Fresh agents with a clear mind and steady hand. Time travel wasn’t for the faint of heart. The pay was good though, but as Scrooby had decided long ago, that even if he didn’t get paid for it, the thrill alone was payment enough. Then again, the TSA realized they couldn’t afford to have disgruntled employees with too much time on their hands and the power of the gods at their fingertips, so the pay was very, very good. Debriefing was routine. And how he hated routine! His supervisor was a senior agent called Guy Krummeck, a rather drab character who liked his shiny silver suits almost as much as he liked to go over every little detail at least three times. Minimum. This time everything went right, so it went quick. Twenty minutes later, tired, he clocked out and went home to his small apartment. Tomorrow, after all, was another day again.
Why be greedy when you can have it all.
When the sea reaches the sky, then we shall all become one.
An idea was forming in his mind. It was only rudimentary, but in the circumstances, it could be called a plan. He loathed the alien for attacking them, without any provocation. He hated the way it was smashing up his ship – and all of them – with hardly any effort or regard for life at all. “How’s that message coming?”“Umm – they must be jamming us, sir – I can’t get through.
Boresha maisha ya watu kwa kadiri utakavyoweza. Ukisaidia mtu 1 watahurumiwa watu 10. Ukisaidia watu 10 watahurumiwa watu 100. Ukisaidia watu 100 watahurumiwa watu 1000. Kila mmoja wetu akitambua wajibu wake katika jamii, Mungu atatuhurumia sisi wote. Maisha ya mtu mmoja yakiboreka, mmoja huyo ataboresha na ya wengine wengi. Hivyo, endelea kuogelea lakini usisahau kurudi nyuma katika jamii.
There's a bit of kitten in all of us.
Kuna aina tatu za upendo hapa ulimwenguni. Kuna upendo wa ‘agape’, upendo kati ya Mungu na binadamu na kati ya binadamu na binadamu mwenzake lakini hao binadamu shuruti wawe marafiki wa msalaba wa Yesu Kristo. Aidha kuna upendo wa ‘phileo’, upendo kati ya mtu na mtu au kati ya mtu na kitu au kati ya mtu na jambo; na kuna upendo wa ‘philadelphia’, upendo wa wanachama wa mashirika ya siri ambapo mtu humpenda mwenzake kama ndugu yake wakati si ndugu yake. Heri upendo wa ‘agape’ kuliko upendo ajmaina.
Your logic is what limit all your abilities.
We are all disciples of the light.
It is unreasonable to expect all children to develop correctly in unnatural man-made electromagnetic radiation fields.
We don't know all the truth! We only know all the lies!
Large Squares, 1965 -Last BeetleThe body is much the same as the previous model, aside from increase in window size all round. Door handles and lock mechanisms also changed as well as seat and dashboard designs. Chrome beading became thinner, mounting holes for these also smaller. Chrome was later replaced by black anodizing or plastic to try and modernize the Bug. Tail light clusters changed from the oval shape to the ‘headstone’ and then the ‘elephant’s foot’ jumbo units the bug saw its last days with. In 1965 new larger windows all round. 1966 saw the last 6v bug, and also the first 1300cc motor. Those horrible little air vents behind the rear side windows came out in 1971 that caused lots of rusty bugs. Sloping headlights looked much nicer but went out in 1967.
Everyone got a follower, how good or bad is all this shit, it's another topic… JUst leave it for later.
ATP hutumika katika kipindi ambapo mtu anakuwa amekata tamaa kabisa katika jambo lolote analolifanya, na yeyote anayetumia ATP ana uwezo mkubwa wa kufanikiwa katika maisha yake. Hivyo, usikate tamaa, jitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wako WOTE.
Music shortens the distance between all people.
Ukila chakula mwili wote unafaidi! Ukiomba kitu kwa Mungu omba kwa ajili ya wote.
All has been seen, heard and known.
We all get the same amount of time.
He leapt off Deception Pass Bridge with his arms spread as if he were an eagle, only to be spared to become an angel of death.
Where would tourism be without a little luxury and a taste of night life? There were several cities on Deanna, all moderate in size, but the largest was the capital, Atro City. For the connoisseur of fast-foods, Albrechts’ famous hotdogs and coldcats were sold fresh from his stall (Albrecht’s Takeaways) on Lupini Square. For the sake of his own mental health he had temporarily removed Hot Stuff Blend from the menu. The city was home to Atro City University, which taught everything from algebra and make-up application to advanced stamp collecting; and it was also home to the planet-famous bounty hunter – Beck the Badfeller. Beck was a legend in his own lifetime. If Deanna had any folklore, then Beck the Badfeller was one of its main features. He was the local version of Robin Hood, the Davy Crockett of Deanna. The Local rumor mill had it he was so good he could find the missing day in a leap year. Once, so the story goes, he even found a missing sock.
When you’re giving all the time,You’re the best, you’re very sweet, The minute the giving stops,You become obsolete.
There was one thing, I never understood.
Go to where you do not know what you do not know. That is where you will find all your opportunities.
If you believe all those who are urging you to give up are wrong, prove them wrong!
We are all in the era that will be remembered by historians as the 'Silent Corporate Government War On Humanity
We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
School is all about this labels... ranks... high status that if you are no-one you ain't gonna get anywhere.
I know it sounds so simple but Love Is All There Is.
Pray not only for your disciples but for all who believes in you
Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect.
The universe is so vast, so immense, we can never expect to explore it all. It is in effect, not so much a final frontier as an ultimate frontier; the ultimate frontier – as wide as it is deep. Stars shine coldly in the unimaginable blackness. Out of the darkness, a tiny speck caught the distant light of stars – a tiny gray speck that, as it moved, seemed to grow larger, catching the light just so until it revealed itself to be a ship.
Instead of drifting away from God, you'll be firmly anchored, able to swim against the tide, offering living water to all you meet.
Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.
What you embrace shows in all you do
To live in peace is to follow peace with all men
During these hard times in the world we should always remember to keep our families and friends close.
After all what's the lesson from all that?...Sometimes the title hasn't anything to do with the story...
All things are possible not only to God but also to the man who truly and firmly believes in Him
School...school... is just nothing... if you think that you are going to learn something. You are here wrong, you wanna see the system?It's in about23 Channels as a start then increases... decreases... even with different topics in the end... they want you to recall the whole data from the 23 Channels as for Perfect, as For under Perfect Okay..okay... but still not perfect, as for Good... Just an Okay... and as for Middle... Little from there and little from there as for the last... Nothing at all.
His famous, soul-stirring "I have a dream" speech will still give you chills and break your heart today. Decades later, long after his life on earth tragically ended, the legacy of his burden lives on, improving lives for generations to come. All because one man allowed his burden to birth a dream.
Sabotage isolated them from their home, thwarting any hope of outside help. Frantic, unreliable sightings of frightening things – horrible things - led to chaos. The crew, terrified, opted to die fighting and went hunting for their attacker. Kaine’s only regret was that they found it. It killed them all.Systematically.
The desire to be nice to everyone and please everyone and the inability to firmly say no is what destroys believers most of all
All the earth is to bring praise to God
Mr.Nobody is perfect for the Scenario"All as None".
Jesus Christ is the source—the only source—of meaning in life. He provides the only satisfactory explanation for why we’re here and where we’re going. Because of this good news, the final heartbeat for the Christian is not the mysterious conclusion to a meaningless existence. It is, rather, the grand beginning to a life that will never end. That same Lord is waiting to embrace and forgive anyone who comes to Him in humility and repentance. He is calling your name, just as He called the name of Pete Maravich. His promise of eternal life offers the only hope for humanity. If you have never met this Jesus, I suggest that you seek spiritual counsel from a Christian leader who can offer guidance. You can also write to me, if that would help. Thanks for reading along with me. I hope to meet you someday. If our paths don’t cross this side of heaven, I’ll be looking for you in that eternal city. By all means, Be there!
Captain Harald Biscay rubbed his graying temples, staring deep in thought at the vast star field showing on the large navigation display on the bridge. It had been a pretty rough few days for him. Of all the things he’d seen in his travels through the universe, not many rated worthy of being remembered. Of the few examples of items Captain Biscay rated that highly, when he was a young man, his uncle would often play the bagpipes at strange hours of the night – shortly before being put in a ‘home’. That rated a mention.
Most of all, we remain focused on our Rock that never moves.
God’s intent is gathering together in one all things
The day you left, it felt like I lost a diary in which I had been writing for so long. Now all that memories flashes in bits and pieces inside my head always and makes me wish that I could sit back and read it all over again.
Probably, after all we could say that life is like Dexter... a code... and how good can you work with it?
He is the God who loved you so much that His Son stripped Himself of all heavenly glory to live as an impoverished Jewish carpenter so He could shed His blood, suffer, and die for the forgiveness of our sins.
After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding..
When something small loudly demands all our attention, its noise often drowns out the whisper of what's enormously important.
Wherever you are, be all there.
Kuna nguzo saba ambazo hazina budi kuzingatiwa kama unataka kuheshimiwa na kuwaheshimu wengine. Kwanza kabisa jitambue: wewe ni nani na unafanya nini hapa duniani. Halafu, kabla ya kusema jambo lolote kwa mtu yoyote fikiria kwanza maana au madhara ya hilo unalotaka kulisema. Kisha jifunze tamaduni mbalimbali na watendee wengine kama vile unavyotaka kutendewa au kama vile wanavyotaka kutendewa. Jifunze kusamehe na kusuluhisha migogoro katika jamii unamoishi huku ukidumisha heshima na utu kwa binadamu wenzako. Jijengee imani kwa watu, punguza upendeleo, fanya kazi kama timu kwani hakuna ‘mimi’ katika umoja ila kuna ‘sisi’, na jitahidi kwa kadiri ya uwezo wako WOTE kwa manufaa ya wote. Kuwa kiongozi katika kila jambo unalofanya na katika kila kitu unachofanya. Jitahidi kufanya jambo au kitu kwa usahihi kwa kadiri utakavyoweza.
Abraham Lincoln quoted the Scriptures in an 1858 speech to the Illinois Republican Convention. He said, “ A house divided against itself cannot stand.” That, I fear, is where diversity leads. If by that term we refer to love and tolerance for peoples who are different from one another, it has great validity for us. But if by diversity we mean that all of us have been given reason to resent one another. Having no common values, heritage, commitment, or hope, then we are a nation in serious trouble.
One of the most breathtaking concepts in all of Scripture is the revelation that God knows each of us personally and that we are in His mind both day and night. There is simply no way to comprehend the full implications of His love by the King of kings and Lord of lords. He is all-powerful and all-knowing, majestic and holy, from everlasting to everlasting. Why would He care about us—about our needs, our welfare, our fears? We have been discussing situations in which God doesn’t make sense. His concern for us mere mortals is the most inexplicable of all.
There's plenty of money out there. They print more every day. But this ticket, there's only five of them in the whole world, and that's all there's ever going to be. Only a dummy would give this up for something as common money. Are you a dummy?
10. Comparison is the root of all feelings of inferiority. The moment you begin examining other people’s strengths against your most obvious weaknesses, your self-esteem starts to crumble!
Training is an active, dynamic process lived out daily in all areas of life- not a rote exercise in memorizing verses and going to church every week.
There are Reasons behind all Decisions.
If you have lots of dignity so what, I was innocent  I'm innocent  and I'll innocent
16. Christians should never consult astrologers, psychics, or those who practice witchcraft (see Isaiah 47:13-14). They are usually phonies who only pretend to have extrasensory powers. But in some cases, they are working in cooperation with Satan. Rather than tamper with this evil world, the one true God wants us to bring our needs, problems, and decisions to Him. He has promised to lead us into all truth (see John 8:32).
Swallowing, he entered the second code. Then there was a sound like a marble dropping on the floor - bouncing slowly, gradually getting faster as it dropped lower and lower… The thing was toying with him! Where was it? He strained his hearing, but all was again silent. He wanted to shout and scream obscenities at it, but he fought the impulse. It might not really know his location after all - and that would've led it right to him. It must be coming for him! It must be by the door by now, looking for a way in. Time was running out. He hastily keyed in the third and last code.Death the destroyer never is late!
What was that all about? She looked like a pissed-off Siberian tiger.""Believe me, Prit, a Siberian tiger is a pussycat compared to Lucia.
15. “The love of money is the root of all evil” (1Timothy 6:10, KJV). That’s why Jesus issues more warnings about materialism and wealth than any other sin. Obviously, it takes a steady hand to hold a full cup.
Let me leave you with this thought, written by my father before he died. If you incorporate it into your system of values, it will serve as a worthy guide to the management of your sexual energy: Strong desire is like a river. As long as it flows within the banks of God’s will—be the current strong or weak—all is well. But when it overruns those boundaries and seeks its own channels, then disaster lurks in the rampage below.
Sure. And you say hi to Dory, ‘k? C’mon Will – let’s get you to the Sheriff. I need a cold one.”“Yippee.” Said Will, not exactly brimming over with enthusiasm.Timaset Skooch reached across the table and packed the notes together. He counted them out too. Seven thousand credits! Then he scooped the coins and the (ugh) gold tooth into an empty glass for the waitress. Seven thousand credits! But what was the plastic slip under it all?
When you strip away all the layers one by one, not much remains to “discover.” You will never find real meaning among your selfish interests, feelings, and aspirations. The answers do not lie within you.
If one as source is accurate... all is about the pattern... so let's follow the pattern.
That I talk about that doesn't mean anything, that my name is like this doesn't mean anything... that I watch this and listen to this doesn't mean anything - Meaning of All By DeYth Banger
I independently produce scientific advancements to share with everyone, and that is over seven billion people!
As for Uniqueness, we all are unique… colour, size, male or female...
I feel strongly that Christians have a scriptural mandate to love and care for all the people of the world. Even those who are living in immoral circumstances are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. There is no place for hatred, hurtful jokes, or other forms of rejecting towards those who are gay.
The Bible consistently and directly indicates that when we give generously, we're serving, honoring, and glorifying God. After all, generosity is fundamental to God's nature.
You've never really know what it's like to trust God to provide for you today, because you've got today provided for. And probably tomorrow too. Maybe even into next winter, with all the food socked away in that extra freezer in the garage.
After All The.Purge.Election.Year.2016 wasn't a big deal, it could be better, I have watched and better movies.
After all as much more deeper we go as more questions we have...
Take it for a second", "I will come in shortly", after all this is a lie to get out, if you ask me I use them often and I say them to people which I don't like.
After all we have few friends, if we don't show that we care about them, we will reach 0 friends...
You were right this time and that time after all you made few clever moves.
We can give away all that He entrusts to us in the same spirit of generosity.
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
Far be it from me to ever let my common sense get in the way of my stupidity. I say we press on.
A common man marvels at uncommon things. A wise man marvels at the commonplace.
To really change the world, we have to help people change the way they see things. Global betterment is a mental process, not one that requires huge sums of money or a high level of authority. Change has to be psychological. So if you want to see real change, stay persistent in educating humanity on how similar we all are than different. Don't only strive to be the change you want to see in the world, but also help all those around you see the world through commonalities of the heart so that they would want to change with you. This is how humanity will evolve to become better. This is how you can change the world. The language of the heart is mankind's main common language.
When we fully understand the brevity of life, its fleeting joys and unavoidable pains; when we accept the facts that all men and women are approaching an inevitable doom: the consciousness of it should make us more kindly and considerate of each other. This feeling should make men and women use their best efforts to help their fellow travelers on the road, to make the path brighter and easier as we journey on. It should bring a closer kinship, a better understanding, and a deeper sympathy for the wayfarers who must live a common life and die a common death.
Cats cant speak, that's common sense.-Yoruichi 
The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.
It's never the differences between people that surprise us. It's the things that, against all odds, we have in common.
Love is the most common miracle.
Virtue is under certain circumstances merely an honorable form of stupidity: who could be ill-disposed toward it on that account? And this kind of virtue has not been outlived even today. A kind of sturdy peasant simplicity, which, however, is possible in all classes and can be encountered only with respect and a smile, believes even today that everything is in good hands, namely in the "hands of God"; and when it maintains this proportion with the same modest certainty as it would that two and two make four, we others certainly refrain from contradicting. Why disturb THIS pure foolishness? Why darken it with our worries about man, people, goal, future? And even if we wanted to do it, we could not. They project their own honorable stupidity and goodness into the heart of things (the old God, deus myops, still lives among them!); we others — we read something else into the heart of things: our own enigmatic nature, our contradictions, our deeper, more painful, more mistrustful wisdom.
Throughout the world what remains of the vast public spaces are now only the stuff of legends: Robin Hood’s forest, the Great Plains of the Amerindians, the steppes of the nomadic tribes, and so forth… Rousseau said that the first person who wanted a piece of nature as his or her own exclusive possession and transformed it into the transcendent form of private property was the one who invented evil. Good, on the contrary, is what is common.
We must remember that there is a great difference between a myth and a miracle. A myth is the idealization of a fact. A miracle is the counterfeit of a fact. There is the same difference between a myth and a miracle that there is between fiction and falsehood -- between poetry and perjury. Miracles belong to the far past and the far future. The little line of sand, called the present, between the seas, belongs to common sense to the natural.
If we reject science, we reject the common man.
There is no UFO and also there is no alien, at least not in common mind nor reference.
Resistance is common to the unusual.
A pineapple is a compilation of berries that grow and fuse together. When joined, they create a single fruit. And within each eyelet, contains a location where a flower may grow. I see the Creator of all existence as the crown on a pineapple, and all religions of the world as the spiky eyelets, where each eyelet symbolizes a different religion or race under the same crown. Each garden of faith may have different perspectives of God, yet every garden belongs to the same God.
I've been quite happy. Look, here are my proofs. Remember that I am indifferent to discomforts which would harass other folk. What do the circumstances of life matter if your dreams make you lord paramount of time and space?
If you want to find wilier race by common sense, then you have just narrowed your searching area.
In the era of corrupt government regulators, it is the common people’s responsibility to regulate the government and corporations.
A ‘good’ leader recognizes that they have been granted the uncommon experience of leading common men. A ‘great’ leader recognizes that of all men, they are likely the most common.
There's a weird logic that explains a common truth.
In the era of public distrust of the police, it is common sense not to be a police officer.
It is common to be refused medical treatment in the USA because your health insurance plan does not cover it.
The most common problem that we usually come up with nowadays is that we are good at almost everything
The common people have the right to good health and that right is being violated by corrupt corporate controlled governments.
The miracle is that the brilliance of the miraculous can live in the blandness of the mundane. The greater miracle is that we have enough brilliance in our own blandness to see it.
The corporate controlled government is in the business of making money for their political sponsors at the expense of the common people.
It is common sense to avoid gluten, fructose and diary in a society that farms its food with industrial chemicals.
Company drug use was common in very high altitude workers.
It was common to be exposed to smashed mercury filled spectral calibration lamps in astronomy.
The most common form of despair is not being who you are. -Soren Kierkegaard
You, the common people, have the right to free speech and we, the corrupt corporate government, have the right to ignore you. We choose to ignore you.
It is instead just the grace of a common person turning suddenly real because he is common and human and recoignizable.
I accept that I am affected by the things that affect me. I am independent and I am free.
It is unreasonable for the common people to expect a known corrupt legal system to protect them.
Young love is common, but that doesn't mean it's not precious.
In the era of the internet, almost everyone can run a global news website.
Common hatred can bond uncommon individuals.
What a strange time we lived in where tragedy and uncertainty swept up common people like me and the most uncommon person in the world in the same moment. Tragedy and uncertainty are both things of which no one is immune. Not even dragons.
I am the common person researching the invisible world for the benefit of the global masses.
The most common regret that people have on their deathbed is that they lived their life according to the desires of others, not how they wanted to.
Let me take once again a rough parable. Suppose I advertised in the papers that I had a place for any one who was too stupid to be a clerk. Probably I should receive no replies; possibly one. Possibly also (nay, probably) it would be from the one man who was not stupid at all. But suppose I had advertised that I had a place for any one who was too clever to be a clerk. My office would be instantly besieged by all the most hopeless fools in the four kingdoms. To advertise for exceptions is simply to advertise for egoists. To advertise for egoists is to advertise for idiots. It is exactly the bore who does think that his case is interesting. It is precisely the really common person who does think that his case is uncommon. It is always the dull man who does think himself rather wild. To ask solely for strange experiences of the soul is simply to let loose all the imbecile asylums about one's ears.
Common people have one thing in common.
If you took any two incidents, you could find things in common if you looked hard enough.
Voting Republican or Democrat is a wasted vote for the common people.
Convenient ignorance is a common problem in the modern workplace.
The military appears focused on protecting corporate interests at the expense of the common people.
Style is 'uniqueness',Fashion is 'commonness',So, be stylish!
Too sick to work and not sick enough to die is common in modern society.
Sahtekarlığın evrensel düzeyde egemen olduğu dönemlerde, gerçeği söylemek devrimci bir eylemdir.
Corporate controlled governments protect the interests of the corporations and not the common people.
I have no interest in what is good for the corporate government, as it is extensively corrupt. What interests me is what is good for the common people.
Your circumstance is common , so seek the comfort of faithful endurance.
The flower blooming in a tree is not only the child of the roots or the branches or the leaves of that tree, but also the common child of the soil, the rain, the sun and the bees! The father and the mother of every living being is never one father or never one mother but actually the whole universe!
They were dirty and common. She hated to use the word "common", only common people called other people "common"; her mother taught her that.
Just like a common language is the key to communication of knowledge, a common faith is the key to living happily in a group as a family or friends.
We all want to be normal. Life, even normal life, is arduous, demanding, and ultimately threatening. We all have to deal with it, and none of us really knows how. We are all traumatized by life, by its unpredictability, its randomness, its lack of regard for our feelings and the losses it brings. Each in our own way, we suffer.
It is impossible to connect with other people without believing each other and we can’t believe each other unless we have some common beliefs. A common belief is like a common language through which we communicate at an emotional level.
Effective communication requires the understanding of feelings and emotions associated with the words. This emotional communication is non- verbal and needs common faiths and beliefs. People can see, hear or write the words but not the feelings which come only when the speakers and listeners are connected with the bond of a common faith. Without faith, no effective communication is possible.
It is a common thing, you will find, with our world, to decline familiarity with those ideas that frighten us.
That is the curse of lying, Sister. Once you place that crown of the liar upon your head, you can take it off again, but it leaves a stain for all time.
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them.
Society will develop a new kind of servitude which covers the surface of society with a network of complicated rules, through which the most original minds and the most energetic characters cannot penetrate. It does not tyrannise but it compresses, enervates, extinguishes, and stupefies a people, till each nation is reduced to nothing better than a flock of timid and industrious animals, of which the government is the shepherd.
You all have your own distinct personal backgrounds. Of course some of you come from rich families, some from poor families. But circumstances beyond your control like that shouldn’t determine who you are. You must all realize what you’re worth on your own.
What did you do?” This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him… “What did you do?” I scream. “You die, I die too…I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.
Love may be harder to find in some people, but when they do love you know it must be something marvelous.
Severus, please fetch me the strongest truth potion you posess, then go down to the kitchen and bring up the house elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrids house where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog up to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here.
The way to secure liberty is to place it in the people's hands, that is, to give them the power at all times to defend it in the legislature and in the courts of justice.
Just because you know it [my past]... doesn't mean that my wounds are a weight you have to carry. ~Kurogane-san
I am that gadfly which God has attached to the state, and all day long …arousing and persuading and reproaching…You will not easily find another like me.
Those who are serious in ridiculous matters will be ridiculous in serious matters.
Leave no authority existing not responsible to the people.
Actions defined a man; words were a fart in the wind.
I like to prowl ordinary places.I feel sorry for us all or glad for us allcaught alive togetherand awkward in that way.there's nothing better than the jokeof usthe seriousness of usthe dullness of us
I regard it (the Constitution) as the work of the purest patriots and wisest statesman that ever existed, aided by the smiles of a benign Providence; it almost appears a "Divine interposition in our behalf... the hand that destroys our Constitution rends our Union asunder forever.
I’ve only been to jail a few times, but in several different countries, at that. No, I've only been to jail a few times. But I still claim the ability to write a "serious" novel.
Nothing is more comical than seriousness understood as a virtue that has to precede all important literature
At home I was raped by a guy i thought I loved' Trixie said, because thats what it was to her and always would be.
If a writer of prose knows enough about what he is writing about he may omit things that he knows and the reader, if the writer is writing truly enough, will have a feeling of those things as strongly as though the writer had stated them. The dignity of movement of an ice-berg is due to only one-eighth of it being above water. A writer who omits things because he does not know them only makes hollow places in his writing. A writer who appreciates the seriousness of writing so little that he is anxious to make people see he is formally educated, cultured or well-bred is merely a popinjay. And this too remember; a serious writer is not to be confounded with a solemn writer. A serious writer may be a hawk or a buzzard or even a popinjay, but a solemn writer is always a bloody owl.
I am so tired. I have grown old from being serious. I have grown ill from being serious. I want to laugh at myself. I want to forget myself. I am so tired.
Serious affairs and history are carefully laid snares for the uninformed.
I suppose one must be serious sometimes.
There are only two styles of portrait painting: the serious and the smirk.
We are all agents of the same supreme power, the people
If we keep telling that life is unfair but do nothing serious about it, then life will forever continue to remain unfair!
People who don't smile are not serious
When the situation is serious, don’t be funny; and when the situation is funny, don’t be serious!
There are serious problems with the ether.
I only wrote prose before I met you. My musings were superfluous and serious as well. But now the words dance with me. I sing with them and we create poetry.
I want to be bullied.But in again and you'll pay.""She... wants to be bullied...?
If you are serious about staying positive in life, stop worrying. Worries are non-productive and never deliver any solution.
Flowers are always more serious than they appear.
When everything around you is very serious, give yourself a chance to breathe and relax by acting unseriously!
Small talk… Bernie resented it more than life itself. The weather, sports scores, frivolous gossip… nothing real, nothing serious, nothing meaningful about it. People were experts at wasting their brief, precious years on earth with small talk.
She then asked, ‘I guess as a cop, you’ve dealt with death a lot, huh?’He stopped grinning, breathed deeply, and replied more seriously, ‘More times than I would have preferred.
So we won't take ourselves too seriously. Because taking something serious doesn't make it go away any faster. In fact, it keeps making it a little bit worse.
Universe likes seriousness in serious matters; if you are not serious in serious matters, universe will remind you in a very strong way why you have to be serious in serious matters!
Perché avere bisogno di qualcuno è una cosa seria.
When we laugh at the joy in everyday life we realise that the world is not such a serious place after all.
Many pastors criticize me for taking the gospel so seriously. But do they really think that on judgment day, Christ will chastise me and say, “Jonathan, you took me way too seriously”?
Don't live so serious… if so you already wasted your time by thinking about how to take your life serious or not?
Yes, but you Americans take your fun very seriously. We Thais do not. We don’t believe in this work-hard, play-hard mentality. Our fun is interspersed throughout the day. What do you mean? It could be a smile or laugh during the workday. It’s not as uptight as in America. Also, our patterns of holidays are different. We don’t take the entire month of August off, like Europeans. We take a day off here, a week off there. Everything is interspersed.
I know nothing when you are in doubts situation, you see, take and feel just humour than to be, serious. It is up to you, in which way and how you express your inner feelings that lead to the proper way. Be wise, bold or leave your senseless activities.
Life is not about, fun at age 1-10,14, then time to start smoking, taking drugs and abuse alcohol which is at age 14-20-21... then serious relationship..., serious work... and then getting where most mediocre people end up.
When a dementia like sickness prevented me from writing books, I started writing short quotes in an attempt to delay the onset of serious mental illness.
I can work on changing what I’ve become. Or I can stop engaging in the things that have made me become the person I’m trying to change. And if I’m not serious about the latter, I can forget the former.
Every now and then someone will ask me, "When are you going to get tired of this horror stuff, Steve, and write something serious?"I used to believe the implied insult in this question was accidental, but as the years go on I have become more and more convinced that it's not.
Respecting someone is indeed an honorable act, but revering someone is again a question for one's respect.
We take life so serious at times, worrying about the little things, until we get to the end of our lives and wonder why we did.
A person should neither serious nor curious, to the thing which will not profitable for him/her life.
If you become disabled in the USA and have no savings, you may be in serious trouble.
Based on what I saw over a decade of medical treatment, you may be in serious trouble if you do not have knowledge of human health and biomedical systems.
If you do not have prior medical training, then you could be in serious trouble using the USA corporate healthcare system.
The military is not so much a job, it is more of a pathway to serious injury and permanent disability.
If your doctor relies on blood and urine tests to diagnose and treat you, then you could be in serious trouble.
It's a trap!
The more "in doubt" you are, the more serious you are, and the less alive you are.
The more “in doubt” you are, the more serious you are, and the less alive you are.
President Trump is my gauge for how serious my mental health issues are.
You are just not serious - END OF DISCUSSION
Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred."Six years to the day we met, Harry, d’yeh remember it?""Vaguely," said Harry, grinning up at him. "Didn’t you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig’s tail, and tell me I was a wizard?""I forge’ the details," Hagrid chortled.
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
Romance novels are birthday cake and life is often peanut butter and jelly. I think everyone should have lots of delicious romance novels lying around for those times when the peanut butter of life gets stuck to the roof of your mouth.
Tucker: "But she gave me the perfect gift."Clara: "What?"Tucker: "You.
Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer. And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good.
The way to beat Luke," he said. "If I'm right, it's the only way you'll stand a chance."I took a deep breath. "Okay. I'm listening."Nico glanced inside my room. His eyebrows furrowed."Is that...is that blue birthday cake?"He sounded hungry, maybe a little wistful. I wondered if the poor kid had ever had a birthday party, or if he'd ever even been invited to one.:Come inside for cake and ice cream," I said. "It sounds like we've got a lot to talk about.
I grabbed a pile of dust, and holding it up, foolishly asked for as many birthdays as the grains of dust, I forgot to ask that they be years of youth. 
Happy birthday, Alexander," Magnus murmured."Thanks for remembering," Alec whispered back.
And I roseIn rainy autumnAnd walked abroad in a shower of all my days...
Birthdays could be such a bummer when you were older than the country you lived in.
deep down I believe my year was a special year: it produced me.
I was brought up to respect my elders, so now I don't have to respect anybody.
A BIRTHDAY Something continues and I don't know what to call itthough the language is full of suggestionsin the way of languagebut they are all anonymousand it's almost your birthday music next to my bonesthese nights we hear the horses running in the rainit stops and the moon comes out and we are still herethe leaks in the roof go on dripping after the rain has passedsmell of ginger flowers slips through the dark housedown near the sea the slow heart of the beacon flashesthe long way to you is still tied to me but it brought me to youI keep wanting to give you what is already yoursit is the morning of the mornings togetherbreath of summer oh my found onethe sleep in the same current and each waking to youwhen I open my eyes you are what I wanted to see.
There is still no cure for the common birthday.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
 It is a peculiarity of knitters that they chronically underestimate the amount of time it takes to knit something. Birthday on Saturday? No problem. Socks are small. Never mind that the average sock knit out of sock-weight yarn contains about 17,000 stitches. Never mind that you need two of them. (That's 34,000 stitches, for anybody keeping track.) Socks are only physically small. By stitch count, they are immense.
If your Birthday is on Christmas day and you're not Jesus, you should start telling people your birthday is on June 9 or something. Just read up on the traits of a Gemini. Suddenly you're a multitasker who loves the color yellow. Because not only do you get stuck with them combo gift, you get the combo song. "We wish you a merry Christmas - and happy birthday, Terry - we wish you a merry Christmas - happy birthday, Terry - we wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Ye - Birthday, Terry!
a happy birthdaythis evening, I sat by an open windowand read till the light was gone and the bookwas no more than a part of the darkness.I could easily have switched on a lamp,but I wanted to ride the day down into night,to sit alone, and smooth the unreadable pagewith the pale gray ghost of my hand
When carrying a jar of honey to give to a friend for his birthday, don't stop and eat it along the way.
I’m sorry I can’t do more. But happy birthday, Sadie.” He leaned forward and kissed me on the lips.
WHAT 28 FEELS LIKEEvery year of your 20s is subject to a very specific set of emotions, at least that’s what I think. 21 is great for obvious, surface-level reasons. 22 is a train wreck if you graduated in four years, and are then thrust into real life. 25 is when pretty much everything changes – from your priorities to your body. And, then, there’s 28. I don’t know what it is about this age in particular, but I’ve deemed it “The Crisis Year” and here’s why.1. The realization that you’re now officially in your “late 20s” is enough to send you straight into the climax of a full-blown panic attack. You don’t even get to start at the beginning of the said attack, no. You wake up on your 28th birthday, screaming and dry heaving. It’s an instinctual reaction to knowing that, for the next 365 days of your life, you will be teetering on the fine line between actual adulthood and clutching on desperately to your youth.2. Because you’re now in your late 20s, your parents start to treat you more like an GULP adult. Even if you’ve been paying your own way since forever, maybe you both secretly knew deep down that, in case of a huge emergency, asking them for help wasn’t off-limits. But, when 28 hits, it’s no longer an option.3. You just feel old(er). There’s something about the curvy lines of the number “8” that cast a darker and much more serious shadow over things. You’ll still go out to popular nightlife establishments, but you will be internally ashamed about your age the entire time you’re there. And the horror if someone is to ask you how old you are! Being 26 in a nightclub is vastly different. Probably because you’re still in your mid-20s and because the shape of the number “6” is naturally fun and loopy, so it makes you feel safe.4. Everyone you know is getting engaged.5. Everyone you know is getting married.6. Almost everyone you know who is married, is pregnant.7. Let’s face it – after graduation, no one’s never not getting married. Before your eyes, your Facebook feed turns into an endless stream of engagement announcements. And, unless you decide to cast yourself out of society, this parade of seemingly happy couples moving forward together won’t slow down until probably age 30. But there’s something about the specific age of 28 that lends itself to just being drowned in marriage announcements no matter where you turn. It’s either couples who have been together for 6+ years finally taking the plunge, or “real world” couples who met a few years ago and got super serious, super fast. Either way, it’s a single 28-year-old’s worst nightmare.8. Being tw0 years away from 30 is a bleak reality to face. Four years is like no big deal, because that’s an entire university experience. But two? Two will soon be one, and then you’re 30. 20somethings are delusional in many ways, but one of the biggest is how we think, by 30, our entire lives should be figured out. Married, babies, dream job, bla bla bla – all by 30. It’s a subtle attitude we all have that wants to scream, “30 OR BUST!” But, the closer you inch toward that milestone birthday, the more you realize what a total crock of shit all that is. And how you couldn’t be further away from having it all figured out if you tried.9. Going back to one of the first points I made, being 28 is like being a brand new, beginner’s level gymnast, perilously seesawing between “real” adulthood and (what feel like) the last crumbs of your true youth. Half of you feels an enormous pressure to fully grow-up, while the other half of you is crippled by the notion of doing so. On one hand, you are sort of ready to get serious about love, career, and overall responsibility. On the other hand, you just want to continue making out at random, dating idiots, and generally freaking the fuck out over the future. Every day you wake up, there’s no telling which of these two ideals your mood is going t
Link says if a girl says not to get her a birthday present that means get me a birthday present and make sure it’s jewelry.
When confronted with a birthday in a week I will remember that a book can be a really good present, too.
I did two things on my seventy-fifth birthday. I visited my wife's grave. Then I joined the army.Visiting Kathy's grave was the less dramatic of the two.
Happy birthday,” she said. “And next time? Eat the stupid cupcake.
Someone asked me when is my birthday?The poet inside me replied,"My birthday is on the last day of the year,It's 31st December my dear!
The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.
The universe wanted you to celebrate and appreciate your life so every year she gave you a birthday.
Shade for a manAnd shelter for animals,Planted in your name,May you be the same for those around you,Every year the same.
I don't mind getting older; it's a privilege denied to so many!
Today, I celebrate my Mother. Strong, passionate, stubborn and proud. An educator, and wife. She was both fearless and vulnerable, unashamed of either. She demanded the best, especially of me. I dedicate my life to exceeding her highest expectations. This is how I honor my Mother, my friend, my inspiration. In spirit she forever guides me. Thank you momma, for I am never lost.
They all seem infected with a vivaciousness that isn't common in our compound, and there are more smiles on their faces than I've ever seen at once. And yet as I watch them, I feel more intensely than ever the knowledge that I'm not one of them. For these moral humans, birthdays are a kind of countdown to the end, the ticking clock of a dwindling life. For me, birthdays are notches on an infinite timeline. Will I grow tired of parties one day? Will my birthday become meaningless? I imagine myself centuries from now, maybe at my three-hundredth birthday, looking all the way back to my seventeenth. How will I possibly be happy, remembering the light in my mother's eyes? The swiftness of Uncle Antonio's steps as he dances? The way my father stands on edge of the courtyard, smiling in that vague, absent way of his? The scene shifts and blues in my imagination. As if brushed away by some invisible broom, these people whom I've known my entire life disappear. The courtyard is empty, bare, covered in decaying leaves. I imagine Little Cam deserted, with everyone dead and gone and only me left in the shadows. Forever.
I see birthdays as a reward for having shown up 365 in a row. It's like getting a badge for attendance.
It’s nice to know someone thinks of you as a person, not an opportunity.
We do have funerals for the living," Jill said. "They're called birthday parties.
Sunset, oh sunset, who took the years of my youth. Today you're hiding, maybe last year didn't go so smooth. I've got many questions unanswered and many answers too. You've been with me through joy and pain, I'll spend another moment here with you. When love was in my heart, you were there smiling too. And when it all fell apart, it was again just me and you. As you take another year of my life, may I be able to let it all go to you, take all the memories with it, the time when I was twenty-two. I cannot take regrets, resentment and pain through. With your last rays, light up the candles on my cake. From tomorrow onwards, I'll be a new me, a little more wild or wise, or maybe a bit free.. See you in the morning, the new me will be twenty-three.
It was her birthday. She thought, I am always unhappy on this day.
I have a birthday, same as you,” I wanted to tell the voices. “It just changes. Don’t you wish you could change your birthday?
Your birth day happens once, it is the day you were born, why wait until the anniversary of your birth date to celebrate you?Every day is the anniversary of your BIRTH DAY if you counted in DAYS not YEARSSo celebrate DAILY not YEARLYTreat yourself with kindness every day, spoil yourself, do things that make you happy, do things that are fun.You are a very special soul, a unique individual, a precious person.Enjoy celebrating YOU, EVERYDAY
He looked all alone and so sad and so blue,so I said, “Oh, dear Bear; there’s a home here for you.
I never wish to celebrateThe year of my birth,For fear lest I wake,By the clinking of glasses and noisy mirth,All those who sleep in memory's vaults.
பிறந்தநாள் வாழ்த்துக்கள் என் இனியவனே... மனிதனாகப்பெற்றவன் அனைவரும் சஞ்சரிக்க விரும்பும் அழகான அனுபவத்தை தந்தவன் நீயே!!! விழிகள் சந்தித்த மறுகணமே இதயங்கள் இடமாற்றம் செய்து கொண்டன.. என்னுடைய அன்புக்கும் அரவணைப்புக்கும் உரிமையானவனே... உன்னைப் பிரியும் ஒரு நொடி கூட நரகம் தான்.. உன் வெற்றிக்கு பரிசாகவும் தோல்விக்கு மருந்தாகவும் நானிருக்க விழைகிறேன்.. என்னுடையவனின் பரிசாக எந்நாளும் வாழ விழைகிறேன்! என் மனதை வென்றெடுத்த என்னவனுக்கான பிறந்தநாள் பரிசு நானும்! என் கவிதையும்!
Kami meyakini bukan permata yang mengabadikan para perempuan hebat, hanya aksara yang mampu mengabadikannya. Mulai dari Kartini, Emma Goldman, Hanna Arendt, Simone de Beauvoir, Madonna, hingga Malala, --tak terkecuali-- juga Bunda Zulfa deret-deret aksaralah yang bisa mengabadikan kisahnya.
You can plant a tree to celebrate a birthday, an anniversary, a promotion or a business success. Tree hugging is the easiest yoga art to connect you with nature.
I want to thank each and every one of you for thinking of me on my birthday. I am ecstatic to be surrounded by your love, kindness, and blessings. I really appreciate the love and affection of friends like you. I wish you joy.
Birthday marks the beginning of a new year, new hopes and new dreams! So, we should never blow out the candle before cutting the cake on such a day. Let the candle burn! Let it spread light everywhere!
To some it may have seemed peculiar, this sudden change that had come over Bahar when she was only sixteen, but Marjan knew it was in accordance with her pendulum-like personality. Bahar had always had an unpredictable mixture of 'garm' (hot) and 'sard' (cold) coursing through her veins. Its wellspring could be found in the seasons of life itself, the day of the equinox and Bahar's birthday as well, March 21. That was when new and old converged, creating an unpredictable nature in anyone born on that date.
People who go around advertising their birthday are douchebags.
জন্মদিন নতুন বছরের, নতুন আশার ও নতুন স্বপ্নের শুরুকে নির্দেশ করে! তাই এমন একটি দিনে কেইক কাটার পূর্বে মোমবাতি নিভিয়ে দেয়া কখনো উচিত নয়। মোমবাতিকে জ্বলতে দিন! সেটাকে সর্বত্র আলো ছড়াতে দিন!
كاتێك كە من منداڵ بووم دوایین شت كە بە خەیالی كەسێك دابێت هەلگرتنی وردەكاریەكانی رۆژی لە دایك بونم بوو
He looked all alone and so sad and so blue,so I said, “Oh, dear Bear; there’s a home here for you.
Two days are the most important days of your life, first is the day when you were born and second is the day when you realized that you were never born.
Chris gives me a new lipstick: red for when I want to be bad, she says.
The aunts gathered around the fiery cake chanting, Make a wish! Make a wish!
In my journal I logged this comment: "On the day that I was officially a grown woman, I felt anything but feminine rather, befouled from the sweat of hard physical labor and the stinking mud. I wanted nothing so much as to sleep for a week.
Родные и друзья поздравляли его с двухсотлетием. Все было как обычно каждый год. Ведь все люди живут двести лет и даже больше. Всего лишь перевернут еще один лист в календаре.
-If birthday(BD)is full of light settings, then it will become a BRIGHT DAY.- If BD is full of bakery items, then it is BREAD DAY.- If you take rest in your BD all the time, then it will become BERTH DAY.- If you do excercise/ yoga, then your BD will become BREATH DAY.-If you spend time in hotel or tasmac, then it is BAR DAY.- If your BD leads to expenses, then it is BEAR DAY.-If your BD is not so active, then it is BORE DAY.Whatever, we need to make our BIRTH DAY , a WORTH DAY.
Celebrate every day like a birthday.
Rather than see ageing as a reason to contract, we should view it as an opportunity to expand. We should make each year of our lives are more interesting than the one before.
Mom said it’s too violent for me. I would argue, but after being terrified by a SpongeBob balloon, I’m pretty sure she’s right.
Birthdays were made for going wild over the people we think are amazing.
Entrepreneurs don't have weekends or birthdays or holidays. Every day is my weekend, my birthday, my holiday. OR, every day is my work day. Mostly it's a choice.
Every birthday celebrates a life because every life is important.
Why this candle?Why this cake?The day of my birth is not today.I was born when you said, 'Hey.
Birthday should be considered as a unit of measurement to measure our present status toward success!
Celebrate your journey of life.
My birthday is in March, and that year it fell during an especially bright spring week, vivid and clear in the narrow residential streets where we lived just a handful of blocks south of Sunset. The night-blooming jasmine that crawled up our neighborhood's front gate released its heady scent at dusk, and to the north, the hills rolled charmingly over the horizon, houses tucked into the brown. Soon, daylight savings time would arrive, and even at early nine, I associated my birthday with the first hint of summer, with the feeling in classrooms of open windows and lighter clothing and in a few months no more homework. My hair got lighter in spring, from light brown to nearly blond, almost like my mother's ponytail tassel. In the neighborhood gardens, the agapanthus plants started to push out their long green robot stems to open up to soft purples and blues.
The day you start to admit you are responsible for your actions, is the day your real life begins. Celebrate it.
You know how most people dread a birthday... Well, I feel the exact opposite. I feel that every day is an extraordinary gift. Just to be here, and especially to be here with you.
I know I don’t always show it, but you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. Let’s make your birthday the very special celebration it should be, and I’ll remind you of just how much you mean to me. I love you!
Is it birthday weather for you, dear soul?Is it fine your way,With tall moon-daisies alight, and the moleBusy, and elegant hares at playBy meadow paths where once you would strollIn the flush of day?
My birthday was coming up and we hadn't talked about it. I dreaded it. I was in no mood to celebrate the one day that always reminded me of my unfortunate birth. Celebrations were supposed to be happy things and there was nothing happy about this year or that day.
The paradox of life; everyone desire a fuller life. But no one wishes to increase in age.
Christmas has a deeper significance to followers of Jesus. It’s not all about the gifts underneath Christmas trees or the elaborate meals served in extravagantly decorated homes. Christmas is the season of Immanuel. We celebrate the good news that He is near, that He cares for us, and that He transforms lives. His presence was the greatest present God gave mankind. May we be present carriers of that presence!
I know when a festival comes,I'm just searching for a beautiful birthday quote for her.
Although they probably know that some children were used and some children are used as miners, most adults are ignorant of the chocolate industry’s use of minors.
The only kids that attended my birthday parties any more were Goth ones, wondering if the celebration of my spawning would kill again.
Most people would instantly start feeling ten years older if someone were to convince them that they were actually born a decade before their birthdate.
The joy and heartache of an 18th birthday from a mother's heart. Extremely proud, yet fragile feelings with bountiful heartfelt memories of all the joy you bring each day. I love you with all my heart and want everything for you and more . Bless this world with your joyful presence, as you share your gifts in this world.
Liam's hash brown casserole can only be described as so over-the-top ridiculous I fear Paula Deen is sitting somewhere cackling about it. I can tell that there is cheese, butter, and sour cream in there, and do not want to know what else. It is delicious, as are the perfectly dried eggs, crispy bacon, buttery toast, and juicy sausages. The muffins are banana chocolate chip, otherwise known as breakfast cake.
1 day left, today 16 years old tomorrow 17 years old... Just one DAY!
I celebrate myself, I paint and dance and sing myself, and what I assume you will assume, for every atom as of me as good belongs to dreamy You. I am a song. I am a poem. I am the soil and a gem. I am a stargate and a voyage. I am the ocean and your soul.
A good man measures his life not in the number of his years but in the quality of his friends.
Naomi at TipsyCake is doing the cake, and it should be amazing.""Mmm, cake. What kind of cake?""Almond cake with a layer of fresh apricot puree, white-chocolate-mousse filling, and vanilla buttercream.""Oh. My.""I know. Should be a killer party.
I’ve realized is that every time you get something cool for your birthday or for Christmas, within a week it’s being used against you. (We'll be taking this away until your English grade improves)
May today be the best birthday of your life, I give you my heart as the most precious gift I can give you and I promise I always will love you.
You're seventeen now. You can do...absolutely nothing you couldn't already
My family looked very much different than my family today. As the years passed my family and friends warped into what I see before me today. Originally we were tight. Perhaps the reason was the Great depression or the war. It could have been that we all depended on each other to succeed. In time however I got married and with two sons formed my own nucleus. Although not always perfect, and what is? Ursula and I have been together for over 60 years. Our two sons are both now older than I was when I retired. Life now has become difficult in a different way and perhaps because of this reason I find that everyone is too busy to carry on the ties that I had in the past. Everyone has grown apart and has to struggle with the results of divorce or burdens placed on their shoulders by others, although some of these burdens are self-inflicted wounds. Fortunately we do still see each other for events such as my 85th birthday. Sometimes we celebrate birthdays with tons of gifts and cookie cakes and other times we celebrate a birthday with a simple card. There are also times that our successes are recognized and other times that they are forgotten. Yes things have changed but no one is to blame, since this is the world we live in.Like all families we have gone our own ways politically. Some of us are open in our political or religious beliefs and others disguise them, but for the greatest part of my life we were all for American first. Unfortunately and perhaps for extra-national reasons we no longer have the country we had during my earlier years, nor do we have a president I and others, can be proud of. Our values have dissipated as I never envisioned, separating small children from their parents and locking them into cages, or fearing that children would be shot to death in their classrooms as it has happened all too frequently. I still can’t believe that it happened in Newton, CT, a feeder community to the school where I taught for 25 years. I never would have believed that not one of the 8 victims of a recent shooting, recovering in a hospital, would see the president of the United States.
May the love in your heart overshadow any sorrows, and may you always know with a deep inner certainty, how loved you truly are.
We normally know we're getting older when the only thing we want for our birthday is not to be reminded; unless you're a cancer survivor! Then we love people reminding us!
The only way that getting older can be a bad thing is if you are not fully living in the moment now.
The birthday party was me and her, a whore friend of hers and her pimp, and the cake.
We Love the Illusion of Birthdays every year but ignore the Reality Death. If death ends the story absolutely it is unreasonable to celebrate the day of birth, if death is the real beginning of Eternal life, isn't it even more unreasonable to celebrate a day which leads us to death and fear the day which leads us to life?
God bless you today and always and may all your goals come true.
The day you were bornHeaven wept at its great loss,Earth joyed at its gain.
The day of your birthday is the one I expect the most in the year because I love to surprise you and do everything for us to enjoy wonderful moments together. God bless you today and always and may all your goals come true.
What could be more exciting than an October day? It's your birthday, Fourth of July and Christmas all rolled into one.
The sacred gift of parenthood is inscribe in the universal words ‘Papa’ and ‘Mama’.
I celebrate life with holy thanks.
The holy time establish the holy-event.
I may not be physically present to stand by you while you cut your cake, but you’ll be in my thoughts today! Happy Birthday.
Before she cut her birthday cake, she cast a wish, then blew the candles out from his eyes.
That's how birthdays were in our house. All hateful charades of pretty clothes, expensive presents, and ugly words . . .
Many congratulations on your birthday.
Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry's list again. 'Just yer wand left -- oh yeah, an I still haven't got yeh a birthday present.' Harry felt himself go red. 'You don't have to --' 'I know I don't have to. Tell yeh what, I'll get yer animal.
Despite her insistence that no one should make a big deal about her birthday, no one ever listened. There was always so much pressure to have the perfect happy day.
Coincidences undeniably imply meaning.I am rereading Hart Crane.I notice the dateOn which he stepped off that boatWas April 26.Tomorrow is April 26.The year of his suicide was 1932.I was four.I am now fifty-one.One undeniable implication in this case thenIs that the year, today,Is 1979.Afterward, Crane’s mother scrubbed floors.Eventually, I may or may notJump overboard.Are there questions?
May your birthday be as pleasant and awesome as you always are.
Birthday is a day which make you realize of your existences with all love and bless from known and unknown .. It remind me the old days of school, even the unknown WISHEs you A VEry Happy Birthday :) So enjoy the uTmost :D
One of the main functions of a push-up bra is to lower the number of mothers who seem like mothers.
I wish you a vivacious day of love, laughter, and joy. Have an awesome birthday!
They assessed my age and assigned me a birthday.
Thank you for existing.
For years Melody had been making the same wish on every birthday candle, eyelash, wishbone, and shooting star that came her way, and now it had finally come true.
There are many beautiful songs but I do not dedicate any of them to you because they do not describe the infinite love I feel for you. It is better that I tell you that myself, that I love you with all my strength. Have a happy birthday.
I wish but to share your gifts as a young boy on his birthday would excitedly rip open his packages to the view of others.
The regret, these two words were etched into my forehead, I was sure.
Today you are fulfilling another year of life and I will do everything to make it a memorable day for you.
Isn’t it wonderful to give birth to your own kind?
Mandy, I hardly think this was appropriate, not after… you know… after the funeral we haven’t had the money for any of your weird little games and I was hoping you’d be more mature now that Jud’s gone,” her father had disappointedly added. “How much’d that cake cost you?”“It’s paid for,” Mandy had argued, but her voice had sounded tiny in the harbour wind. “I used the cash from my summer job at Frenchy’s last year and I… it was my birthday, dad!”“You can’t even be normal about this one thing, can you?” her father had complained.Mandy hadn’t cried, she’d only stared back knowingly, her voice shaky. “…I’m normal.
My name is Herondale," the boy said cheerfully. "William Herondale, but everyone calls me Will. Is this really your room? Not very nice, is it?" He wandered toward the window, pausing to examine the stacks of books on her bedside table, and then the bed itself. He waved a hand at the ropes. "Do you often sleep tied to the bed?
So long as there shall exist, by reason of law and custom, a social condemnation which, in the midst of civilization, artificially creates a hell on earth, and complicates with human fatality a destiny that is divine; so long as the three problems of the century - the degradation of man by the exploitation of his labour, the ruin of women by starvation and the atrophy of childhood by physical and spiritual night are not solved; so long as, in certain regions, social asphyxia shall be possible; in other words and from a still broader point of view, so long as ignorance and misery remain on earth, there should be a need for books such as this.
My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me........
My name is Percy Jackson. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York.Am I a troubled kid?Yeah. You could say that.
Because never in my entire childhood did I feel like a child. I felt like a person all along―the same person that I am today.
Kitten, this is my best mate, Charles, but you can call him Spade. Charles, this is Cat, the woman I’ve been telling you about. You can see for yourself that everything I’ve said is…an understatement.
Call me Ishmael.
My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people do not know.
Maybe I'd always been broken and dark inside. Maybe someone who've been born whole and good would have put down the ash dagger and embraced death rather than what lay before me.
So long as there shall exist, by reason of law and custom, a social condemnation, which, in the face of civilisation, artificially creates hells on earth, and complicates a destiny that is divine, with human fatality; so long as the three problems of the age — the degradation of man by poverty, the ruin of woman by starvation, and the dwarfing of childhood by physical and spiritual night — are not solved; so long as, in certain regions, social asphyxia shall be possible; in other words, and from a yet more extended point of view, so long as ignorance and misery remain on earth, books like this cannot be useless.
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view; truth is a selfless subjectivity.
I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.
We can say that Faustus makes a choice, and that he is responsible for his choice, but there is in the play a suggestion—sometimes explicit, sometimes only dimly implicit—that Faustus comes to destruction not merely through his own actions but through the actions of a hostile cosmos that entraps him. In this sense, too, there is something of Everyman in Faustus. The story of Adam, for instance, insists on Adam's culpability; Adam, like Faustus, made himself, rather than God, the center of his existence. And yet, despite the traditional expositions, one cannot entirely suppress the commonsense response that if the Creator knew Adam would fall, the Creator rather than Adam is responsible for the fall; Adam ought to have been created of better stuff.
I am the owner of the sphere,Of the seven stars and the solar year,of Caesar's hand, and Plato's brain,Of Lord Christ's heart, and Shakespeare's strain.
In the end, the art of hunger can be described as an existential art. It is a way of looking death in the face, and by death I mean death as we live it today: without God, without hope of salvation. Death as the abrupt and absurd end of life
The 21st chapter gives the novel the quality of genuine fiction, an art founded on the principle that human beings change. ----- "A Clockwork Orange Resucked" intro to first full American version 1986
And it means snapshots, because that's what all stories I write come down to; each is a snapshot of who I was during however many days and weeks it was written. A fictional reflection of my mind fossilized, set in paper and ink, instead of stone. Memorialized, for better or worse. This is who I was, and this, and this, and this, and that, and most times I look back and wince. I'm rarely kind to who I was. But other times, looking back is bittersweet. Sometimes, I'm even grateful to the me of then who left a snapshot for the me of now. Maybe I should let go and join those who pretend the past is past, but it's a falsehood I've never learned to spin.
During the next few years I wrote a series of Martian pensées, Shakespearean "asides," wandering thoughts, long night visions, predawn half-dreams. The French, like St. John Perce, practice this to perfection. It is the half-poem, half-prose paragraph that runs as little as one hundred words or as long as a full page on any subject, summoned by weather, time, architectural facade, fine wine, good victuals, a view of the sea, quick sunsets, or a long sunrise. From these elements one upchucks rare hairballs or a maundering Hamlet-like soliloquy.
If I could tell you only one thing about my life it would be this: when I was seven years old the mailman ran over my had. As formative events go, nothing else comes close; my careening, zigzag existence, my wounded brain and faith in God, my collisions with joy and affliction, all of it has come, in one way or another, out of that moment on a summer morning when the left rear tire of a United States postal jeep ground my tiny head into the hot gravel of the San Carlos Apache Indian reservation.
The poor man retains the prejudices of his forefathers without their faith, and their ignorance without their virtues; he has adopted the doctrine of self-interest as the rule of his actions, without understanding the science which puts it to use; and his selfishness is no less blind than was formerly his devotedness to others. If society is tranquil, it is not because it is conscious of its strength and its well-being, but because it fears its weakness and its infirmities; a single effort may cost it its life. Everybody feels the evil, but no one has courage or energy enough to seek the cure. The desires, the repinings, the sorrows, and the joys of the present time lead to no visible or permanent result, like the passions of old men, which terminate in impotence.
Temperee, riante, (comme le sont celles d'automne dans la tres gracieuse ville de Buenos Aires) resplendissait la matinee de ce 28 avril: dix heures venait de sonner aux horloges et, a cet instant, eveillee, gesticulant sous le soleil matinal, la Grande Capitale du Sud etait un epi d'hommes qui se disputaient a grands cris la possession du jour et de la terre.
It is the task of a lifetime. You can never know enough, never work enough, never use the infinitives and participles oddly enough, never impede the movement harshly enough, never leave the mind quickly enough.
Introduction to Python Programming is an outcome of our sincere effort geared towards students community.
If you are looking for a great life in this life and beyond, you need to be introduced to a man who needs no introduction. His name is Jesus Christ. He has the sole ability to introduce people, to an everlasting life.
We are not strangers, only the introduction is missing.
In the novel All Flesh Is Grass, one of Cliff’s characters, Nancy, who was a writer herself, would say of that profession: “It’s a thing you don’t talk about—not until you’re well along with it. There are so many things that can go wrong with writing. I don’t want to be one of those pseudo-literary people who are always writing something they never finish, or talking about writing something that they never start.
Battle is a way of life, a necessary function of the worthiest members of society.
Hi, I’m Bob Howard. I’m a computational demonologist and senior field agent working for an organization you don’t know exists. My job involves a wide range of tasks, including: writing specifications for structured cabling runs in departmental offices; diving through holes in spacetime that lead to dead worlds and fighting off the things with too many tentacles and mouths that I find there; liaising with procurement officers to draft the functional requirements for our new classified document processing architecture; exorcising haunted jet fighters; ensuring departmental compliance with service backup policy; engaging in gunfights with the inbred cannibal worshippers of undead alien gods; and sitting in committee meetings.
Each one of us in America could have grown up someone else had the universe's mysterious finger touched a different key.
A person who introduces the world to oneself and oneself to the world is a teacher
Everybody is standing, but you must stand out.Everybody is breaking grounds; but you must breakthrough!Everybody scratching it; but you must scratch it hard!Everybody is going, but you must keep going extra miles!Dare to be exceptionally excellent and why not?
Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.
and another claimed it was inherited through a parent who was a carrier of the defective gene. I had always assumed the latter was the case with Claire. After all, surely a child who grew out of grief would be born with a heavy heart.
Never be complacent about the current steps; don't agree and follow the status quo. Be determined that you are making an indelible impact with great change. Now, dress up and go to make it happen!
Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.
Triliogy
Sow the seeds of hard work and you will reap the fruits of success. Find something to do, do it with all your concentration. You will excel.
I think that there are excellent and poor thinking habits just as there are healthy and unhealthy eating habits; and when a man really knows how to think, you cannot necessarily assert that he thinks too much in a strictly negative connotation. Perhaps this is in a sense food for thought, whereas the other is fool for thought.
Do not be obsessed with expensive things.Instead, be obsessed with excellence.Things don't make you excellent.However, excellence will make you expensive.
If you don’t value excellence, you won’t achieve excellence.
A very excellent and worthy person, thoroughly reliable in every particular.
People who swim very well in troubled waters are respected and celebrated than those who swim excellently in calm waters.
To become a better you, be diligent and never let the charms of procrastination and excuses seduce you to fall for mediocrity.
Break out to go out___________________The birds dare to break the egg shellIt does so in order to get out of that HellWhen it finally succeeds, it’ll then flyTo its comfort zone it’ll say byeAre you being confined in a small spaceHow long will you remain at that place?Before you can explore more territories,Break away from the former glories.Yesterday’s excellence is today’s averageYou must strive to be better age after ageNever accept the available mediocrityAs the only preferable opportunityDecide to grow from below to heroAnd make it a point to vacate level zeroReach out and arise with powerGod’s blessings on you, will showerAgree to grow, never attempt to be slowBe not afraid. Never doubt. You’ll flowThe grace of God will be your guideTaking you along, side by side.
Societies are mediocre, individuals are excellent.
There are two excellent challengers against darkness in this universe: Powerful lights and great ideas!
Flow wherever you go. You can’t be limited. Dare to rise above all limitations and become better than you were. Strive to arrive at the top.
Admirable is excellent.
When you see something excellent or something very beautiful, a silent astonishment will be the greatest word one can ever say to celebrate this excellence!
Dare to be among the greatest. Even if you did not get the best, you will be above the good.
God always knows the most excellent path
You have what it takes to finish excellently if you strive toward it
Grow your talents and skills through a consistent practice and progressive learning. Learn to relearn and unlearn. Raise the bar for yourself always.
People who achieve marvelously in critical challenges are commended than people who achieve same things on the silver platter.
The more you express your skills, the more experienced you become and the closer you get to excellence.
If you find your way under low light, that is good; if under utter darkness, that is excellent!
What is excellent is of praiseworthy.
What is excellent is of praise worthy.
Radiation has properties of both God and Satan. Like God as the correct exposures give excellent health. Like Satan because too little or too much will make you sick and may lead to disease and premature death.
A dream you dream together is a dangerous thing. A dream you dream alone is excellent.
Today did take the time to say: "I believe in myself," at least 20 times today? You can never say it too much.
You benefit at a different time, from when you planted seeds for success. Learn patience. But be persistent. It’s important for success. Use perseverance and dedicate yourself to your top goals.
You are the sculptor of your success. Chisel and carve yourself into excellence.
Find mentors to help you out. Always be on the lookout for friendly allies, willing to help and support you. Be willing to help others out too, when asked. What goes around, comes around.
Ask yourself at least once a week: "Am I on the right track to achieve my goals at this time? Am I doing the right things that I need to be doing?
A person with low standards will forever be walking. A person with high standard will soon stop walking and start running. Later, they’ll soon stop running and start galloping. The next time you see him, he’s either flying or soaring.
Never stop growing in life. The world's tallest redwood trees were once little nuts, that kept on growing, regardless of weather, trials and tribulations.
Occasionally during the day, ask yourself: "How am I doing today and what can I do to do a better job?
Climb the ladder of success, by always presenting your best self. Practice being exceptional at what you do.
Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better!
You build a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is earned. Be the best. Raise yourself to excellence, by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
Imagine and see yourself at your best. Change yourself with hard work, to become the excellent person you want to be.
You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into the masterpiece of excellence you want.
Daily ask yourself: "Considering what I'm doing now, what would be a better, superior choice for me to do, to advance my plans for success?
Climb the ladder of success, by always putting forward your best self. Practice being the best at what you do.
Be self-responsible. Be less dependent on other people. Aim at being the most responsible person you can be. Read about great, successful leaders. Learn to think great thoughts and work to be an excellent person.
Everyday when you wake-up, say to yourself: "Everyday, in everyway, I only get better, better and better for success!
You tend to become like that, what you like and respect. Write down your goals and take action to make them happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Devote yourself to making your life blossom for success.
Self-improvement and practice are the golden tools for earning the award of excellence.
Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you will grow big at what you want for success.
Excellence is the target of champions and winners.
Excellence is a high quality, that delivers success and achievement.
If you want to be excellent at something, you must move away from your comfort zone, overcome doubt, setbacks and failure. Never give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. One day, success will be yours.
Success can be compared to a camera. Always focus closely on your objective. Ignore distractions. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, take more shots for success. Visualize clearly what you want. Make success happen by being persistent.
Working to be outstanding at what you do, raises your confidence and improves your reputation. As you work to become top notch, you gain higher attention and visibility.
Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you grow big at what you want for success.
Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Have high standards and work to be exceptional. Develop yourself from practice to be a winner at what you do.
Aim and hit the target of excellence, with constant practice. Make success happen, by working to be the best at what you do.
Now is your time. Make excellence your goal. Let success be your destiny.
Visualize yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself into an excellent person, with constant practice and perseverance. Enjoy and relish the process.
Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication into excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy doing the process.
I advise people to be careful about taking advice from long term Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) victims. If they have had it for decades and have not cleared it up, then you can discount what they have to say regarding curing the condition. However, they are an excellent resource on the biological harm of electromagnetic fields (EMF), EMF avoidance and low EMF products.
On the canvas of life, you are the creative painter of your success. Paint your life into a wonderful masterpiece of excellence.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will grow at what you want for top success.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself and work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Constant self-growth over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for great success and achievement.
Start dream building. Bring your goals into the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with dedication and work to achieve excellence.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and commitment as the two powerful forces they are. By being persistent, over time you will earn gleaming success.
Aim to be the blue ribbon best. Develop yourself from practice, to become exceptional. Raise your standards and be the best.
Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for top success and achievement.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.
Believe in yourself. Know you have what it takes, to make excellence a good habit. Focus on doing excellent work and use discipline to make it happen.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and work hard to create it. Transform your dreams into reality, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for top success.
You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Be inspired. Believe in yourself. Practice at becoming an excellent person at what you want. Rome wasn't built in a day, so have patience, as you build your life with success and boldness.
If you want to be excellent at something, it involves moving away from your comfort zone, overcoming doubt, setbacks and failure. Don't give up. Keep plugging away and being persistent. Success and winning will be yours.
A miracle is when you take action on your written goal, and make it reality by working hard to create it. Transform your dreams into the real world, by writing your goals, taking action and making them happen. This is the short recipe for personal success.
All things are possible to those who believe in themselves. Live a life without limits. Believe in yourself. Break through the ceiling of limitation. Develop high confidence and connect yourself to total success.
You get a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is also earned, too. Raise yourself to excellence by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
Transform your dreams into reality. You know you have what it takes to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars. You can do it.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By using these ideas, over time they will reward you with sparkling success.
In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to yourself project, why not also believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to occur in your life? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do this write your goals, work hard, be smart and expect the best. Make miracles happen.
It only takes one person to change your life for the better: YOU. Develop yourself to be excellent for success, by working hard and smart. Make self-improvement for success your first objective.
Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional.
You tend to become like that, what you want most. It is up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work hard. Dedicate yourself to full success.
Improve yourself. You can become what you admire most in life. By admiring the quality of excellence in other people, and practicing that same quality, you too can become exceptional. Get going now and push yourself to create the reality.
Success is like a camera. Focus on the objective. Concentrate on it. See your most important goal image for success. Ignore all distracting, minor details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, stick to it. Take more shots for success. Be persistent. Focus on working to make things happen. Visualize optimum success. Use perseverance to achieve your goal.
Start dream building. Create your goals in the real world. Imagine yourself at your best. Transform yourself with inspiration and work to achieve excellence for success.
When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and determination as the powerful force they are. By also being devoted and persistent, over time it will reward you with sparkling success.
Determination + Persistence = Success
Working to become excellent at what you want, raises your confidence, charisma and develops courage. As you work to become top notch, it also gives you a great reputation at what you do.
You tend to become that, what you want most. Look to the light of God, expect the best and give it your best. Make success happen with devotion and dedication. You can do it.
The longer I live, the more I read, the more patiently I think, and the more anxiously I inquire, the less I seem to know...Do justly. Love mercy. Walk humbly. This is enough.
It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
That if you could acquire enough, accomplish enough, you’d never want to own or do another thing. That if you could eat or sleep enough, you’d never need more. That if enough people loved you, you’d stop needing love.
Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
A tomb now suffices him for whom the world was not enough.[Alexander's tombstone epitaph]
Whoever is not in his coffin and the dark grave, let him know he has enough.
Gratitude is one of the most powerful human emotions. Once expressed, it changes attitude, brightens outlook, and broadens our perspective.
I didn't think he was in love with me and I had no idea what I felt for him, but he wanted me, and maybe that was enough.
My lord. It is too much, and not enough
EnoughIt is enough for me by day To walk the same bright earth with him; Enough that over us by night The same great roof of stars is dim. I do not hope to bind the wind Or set a fetter on the sea -- It is enough to feel his love Blow by like music over me.
You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.
I loved him," Muire said. "We were in love." As if that were enough.
Freedom of religion is not enough; we need the extinction of it, because no one has turned to be a religious by their own choice.
Each guy stamped the passport of my heart. “You’re worthy.” Stamp. “You’re enough.” “You have not failed completely.” Stamp, stamp.
Sometimes it just seems that love is not enough, does it?
The only way to efficiently battle evil is to copy enough to know how to counter each argument, yet not enough to believe all the bullshit.
Praying, we usually ask too much. I know I do. Sometimes we even demand. I think I am learning to ask enough for the moment--not for the whole year, utterly veiled in mystery; not even for the week, the month ahead; but just for today.Jesus said it all when He told us to pray: 'Give us this day our daily bread.'That bread is not only material, it is spiritual; in asking for it, we ask for a sufficiency of strength, courage, hope and light. Enough courage for the step ahead--not for the further miles. Enough strength for the immediate task or ordeal. Enough material gain to enable us to meet our daily obligations. Enough light to see the path--right before our feet.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life, unless I buy something.
Enough is enough. If you understand that, you are on the right way, to respect yourself, and your surroundings.
Don't make yourself small.Not for anyone.If someone tells you you're too much...too loud, too sensitive, too fierce, too caring, too intellectual, too optimistic, too realistic, too logical, too emotional...just smile and move on, my friend.Clearly, they aren't enough for you.
Anyone's opinion... or anyone's idea ... or anyone's advice... does not matters, until is being granted and validated by the self.
I stopped wishing to be your everything the day you told me I am enough.
A day spent on the moon is enough to make one believe in God.
What is enough for us will always be changing but the fact that we are enough will always be truth.
You are more than enough. Your opinion of yourself is what's lacking.
You can never have enough. "Enough" is not a defined quantity. It is elusive and fleeting in nature. Enough is more of a personal definition.
Forever isn’t enough time to write about you.
[I]n his last few moments of humanity, he was just a boy. A boy who had taken a stand against everything he feared, and had finally been set free.
Developing the ability to set forth into the world knowing I am ENOUGH, is all I need to live a Healthy, Happy and FREE Lifestyle that I love, because I am enough.
Before suggesting how other people should lead their lives, develop a clear idea about making your life exemplary and inspiring enough for others to emulate.
Just living isn't enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom and a little flower." -Hans Christian Anderson
Am I shattered enough already,or am Ishattering? (And when do I start to build?)
I cannot give you what you need because I am not enough of what you need. But I can point you to the God Who is everything that you need. And if you go to where I point you, you will need nothing. And is that not the point?
Sometimes it takes getting pushed to the very edge before you can find your voice and courage to speak out again. Sometimes it takes hitting that rock bottom to realize you’re done descending, and it’s time to rise. Sometimes it takes being told you’re nothing—being made to feel like you’re nothing—to help you see that you are complete.YOU. ARE. ENOUGH.
but when i find a place to put my love, i will fucking die for you. i will hand over all my rations until you are fat and happy, and i am shriveled and happy. i will follow you across the country and i will take care of your dog and i will do your laundry. i will love you even when you yell at me. i will try to kiss you when you turn away. i will write poems and you won't read them. i will pretend that this is enough. this is enough. this is enough. this is enough. this is enough. this is-
At this point, I’d been First Lady for just over two months. In different moments, I’d felt overwhelmed by the pace, unworthy of the glamour, anxious about our children, and uncertain of my purpose. There are pieces of public life, of giving up one’s privacy to become a walking, talking symbol of a nation, that can seem specifically designed to strip away part of your identity. But here, finally, speaking to those girls, I felt something completely different and pure—an alignment of my old self with this new role. Are you good enough? Yes, you are, all of you. I told the students of Elizabeth Garrett Anderson that they’d touched my heart. I told them that they were precious, because they truly were. And when my talk was over, I did what was instinctive. I hugged absolutely every single girl I could reach.
Sometimes you have to realize that you’ve HAD enough to realize that you ARE enough.
As it turns out, it was that very rock bottom that became the most firm foundation I had ever planted my feet on. A foundation so solid, it finally provided the springboard I needed to outrun that teasing, taunting shadow of unworthiness that had followed me my entire life.
Where we are, there is light.” The wind blew hard from the east and the trees rustled their branches. “From where I’m standing… it is warm enough.
Success is when you're seduced into thinking that your joy and satisfaction are not here but there--somewhere in the future, at some moment when you accomplish X or you win Y.Success can never get enough. It makes your head spin, because you get that thing you were desperately working for, for all those years, and when you get it, you realize that it isn't what you thought it was.
Someday we'll meet again and when we do, I hope that at that point in time, I'll be enough for you.
You are enough! Other people enhance your life. You are the one that makes it.
To have enough is perfection.
There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all of time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium, and be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is, nor how valuable, nor how it compares with other expressions. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open.
I would take a free and hopeful breath. It was settled. Fear would no longer be the weakness that undid me. I was seventeen and unsophisticated, and thought I could dig about in my soul for the mettle I needed, and that it would be enough.
When you sneak food, you perpetuate the belief that you are too ugly, too needy, too intense to be seen and loved for who you are... You give yourself the message that who you are is not acceptable, and that you must pretend to be someone else to be loved.
A wild joy follows when you realize you've been caught and are now free, when you fling open the prison door, walk outside, and gulp air and light for the first time in hours or days or weeks.You sense who you were and what you knew before you defined things as good or bad, fat or thin, right or wrong. Before you became what you needed to be to be loved, you know the holiness of trees and water and rocks. You knew the adults were a bit mad, but you loved them anyway. You had no doubt, not one, about who you were; you had wings, and now, you have them again.
The word "Enough”! It’s the common word, rather the only word, in the dictionary of satisfaction.
Sometimes “no” is the most loving, gentle answer God can give.
All of us.. believe in stuff which other believe, we do what all other expect.Somebody want us to think out of the box... and then comes somebody who puts us there.- Because of our dreams- Because of failures- Because of results- Because of Not Enough Money- Because it's too hard it's finacially.
When is enough, enough?
A thief will steal from you-but will never allow you near enough to steal from him
Whatever you strive to do, as long as you do it your best, its enough.
It's frustrating that logic isn't always enough.
If enough were really enough, how rich we'd all be!
It's just... not... enough....
Do only work that matters, and you will end up pleasing those who are important enough to care about it.
Sometimes it takes great heartbreak to find great healing and even greater wholeness.
Sometimes I feel I am enough for anyone. At other times I hope, I am.
Wisdom is knowing when you have enough.
I felt the Lord then press upon my heart, "Jonathan, am I not enough?” Indeed, what would ever be “enough” in my life? Nothing apart from Christ will ever be enough to fill this vile, rebellious heart of mine (Jer. 17:9).
Sometimes just breathing is enough.
...And..." suprisingly enough... in what we believe it becomes a reality.
To pursue selfish personal ideas is not wise enough
Words are never enough!
Who am I to put boundaries on God’s forgiveness? If God had put boundaries on His grace and mercy to me, when would enough have been enough?
The promise of power wasn't enough, he thought. So now she tempts me with knowledge.
Don’t be deceived by the spirit of complacency and think you have achieved enough. Try to become better than you’ve been.
Whatever we have in the glory of man is "away". Those are just not enough before we go "home" to the glory of God.
You keep thinking you’re too much for me that I will say I’ve had enough. But I drank all you poured for me and I'm thirsting to drink some more.
It is funny how when you have been hurt in love and you fall in love again, every reason you have for loving that person is both enough and not, all at once.
Life is enough of everything.
You can either go home with enough money or enough excuses, but not both!
Go up in a big airplane. Go high enough, and you will see the radiation rainbow interference ring around the shadow of the airplane on the clouds below.
Money does not buy you freedom. Time does.
The TSA liked having fresh agents on the job. Fresh agents with a clear mind and steady hand. Time travel wasn’t for the faint of heart. The pay was good though, but as Scrooby had decided long ago, that even if he didn’t get paid for it, the thrill alone was payment enough. Then again, the TSA realized they couldn’t afford to have disgruntled employees with too much time on their hands and the power of the gods at their fingertips, so the pay was very, very good. Debriefing was routine. And how he hated routine! His supervisor was a senior agent called Guy Krummeck, a rather drab character who liked his shiny silver suits almost as much as he liked to go over every little detail at least three times. Minimum. This time everything went right, so it went quick. Twenty minutes later, tired, he clocked out and went home to his small apartment. Tomorrow, after all, was another day again.
At end of Life, you realize life is enough.
Many people may be heartbroken, but not enough to take action.
There is enough to enjoy.
The reason for the absence of success in your life is not due to the lack of money, but to not having enough knowledge of the principles of success
What we need, we have.
Sometimes we don’t have enough faith to do big things, it is immature faith
For the gaming fishermen there was the Whatoosie River and its native cocka-snoek, the main game fish of the resident Skegg’s Valley Dynamite Fishing Club. Cocka-snoek were wily and tough and rather too bright for mere fish. You wouldn’t catch much with a rod around here. Many inexperienced visitors would find the bait stolen from their hooks, which punctuated the discovery that their lines had somehow got snagged and tangled irretrievably around some underwater obstruction – sometimes tied together with neat little bows. Often, several direct hits with hand grenades were needed to stun the creatures long enough just to catch them, gut them and fry them, but these former military types had become experts at it. For a modest fee, tours could be arranged via the booking office, which included an overnight stay on the banks of the river where one could drop off to a great night’s sleep after a satisfying meal of cocka-snoek done on an open fire, and the sound the bits of shrapnel made rattling in your stomach.
Life is all I have, it is enough!
Now I don’t know how many people like to drive a Beetle at that kind of speed (on purpose) but I know I’d rather go down Brickmaker’s Kloof on a bicycle with no brakes! Driving any car at that speed in anything other than an expensive German luxury car on a long, straight autobahn is enough of a risk (let alone the risk of hitting anything) – but if you try that with a Beetle and add a light crosswind, factor in some rubber peeling off your tire, and you’ll more than likely find yourself dancing alone in a dark corner without any music.
On the night before Jesus died, he said to his Heavenly Father, "I have accomplished the work which you gave me to do."He didn't heal every sick person on earth. When he ascended to heaven, there was still sickness and heartache and pain. But Jesus knew that he had accomplished what his father had called him to do, and that was enough.
To be a part of the kingdom you need to desire it enough to search it out
If you run fast enough, you can still catch those dreams. Don't give up yet!
We would not be ashamed of doing some of the things we do in private, if the number of sane human beings who do them in public were large enough.
12. There will come a day, much quicker than your parents would wish, when you will no longer be comfortable living at home. You will want to move out and establish a home of your own. After that time, your mother and father will be more like your friends than your parents. And someday, if they live long enough, you will be more like a parent to them than a son or daughter.
If all of her was not enough for him, then let him have none of her and seek what he needed elsewhere.
It is the honey which makes us cruel enough to ignore the death of a bee
He sometimes halted without saying anything. Either he had finally nothing to say or while having something to say he finally decided not to say it.
What you get will not always make you happy, what you become will
When you see your feet with no footwear, also see those with no feet.
Dear God! I don't mind who decides to leave my life; as long as I have you, that's enough.
I scoffed at myself. He was right. "When do we believe we're enough for the people who love us?"His gave was direct and unflinching, "When are we enough for ourselves?
If you say one lie enough times, it becomes truth people start to believe. (That's how it works - Extracted)
Maybe real-life Mom didn't vacuum the house flawlessly arrayed in pearls and a pleated shirt like the mother on leave it to beaver. Maybe she flirted with the milkman or waited for the kids to go to bed so she could hammer back a couple of mugs of vodka pretending it was tea. But she was there to greet us when we came home from school in the afternoon. She made us dinner, kept watch on us through the kitchen window, put Band-Aids on our scrapes and bruises. She was Mom and that was no small thing.
But Keri, being loved enough is not adequate. Be loved more . . . make sure you are loved more than enough.
Just a single cord is enough to be tangled
Weirdly enough, the more we give away, the richer we become.
One thing I've learned in a very long life, Mr. Crews, is that there's never enough.
Oh,” Obliteration continued, “I think that you’ll find a man can do many things thought impossible, if he tries hard enough.
Maybe the things she loved most weren't meant to be permanent. Maybe the fact that they existed was enough.
The extent of God’s grace always eclipses the extent of my grotesqueness. Therefore, I can never be bad enough for God to tell me that He’s had enough.
The dominant philosophy in today’s public university is called relativism, which categorically denies the existence of truth or moral absolutes. Those who are foolish enough to believe in such archaic notions as biblical authority or the claims of Christ are to be pitied—or bullied.
You have enough time to do everything God wants you to do.
The summit of Mauna Kea should never have been developed as it is not safe for humans up there. I am now locked into an endless loop of doctors visits for what appears to be classic very high altitude heart, lung &amp; brain damage because I was unfortunate enough to have worked there.
Most times you only have to be Brave ENOUGH.
Wait-a-minute!Reality kicked in after marking its spot `position vacant’ for the short and pleasant while. He groaned mournfully as he found himself staring at the inside of his own eyelids. The first thing that occurred to him was the terrible bone-wracking pain running up and down his spine. Pain? No, curiously enough. It was the memory of it that seemed to hurt so much. Maybe that’s what scared him. Or maybe it was the creaking of the ship around him…
The kind of gospel that our churches are preaching sometimes are not powerful enough to change the very street where these churches are located talk less of the nation where they are
Most of the time, yesterday’s level of increase will not be enough to secure tomorrow"s increase
Enough is never enough.
Another vindication I had is the fact that I believed the Christian message and the gospel of the kingdom is good enough to fix the world’s problems
I don’t have to look far and wide to discover that material wealth alone is not enough to build a great nation. There are many countries in the world, especially in developing countries of Africa, Asia and South America that are enormously wealthy in natural resources and yet have a poor population.
Material wealth alone is not enough to build a great nation.
Tips for Writing: Here you are some tips for writing which are pretty impressive!Make a character who is like Gregory house… mainly pranks, jokes!Make the character so much to be incredible that… you decide to kill him.…Two are enough now on then we will eat ( 2 = dead)
A hand is not enough...to never let go
One of the principles of increase that provide enough demand for growth is vision
The best thing, though, in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was. Nobody'd move. You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, the birds would still be on their way south, the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole, with their pretty antlers and they're pretty, skinny legs, and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket. Nobody's be different. The only thing that would be different would be you. Not that you'd be so much older or anything. It wouldn't be that, exactly. You'd just be different, that's all. You'd have an overcoat this time. Or the kid that was your partner in line the last time had got scarlet fever and you'd have a new partner. Or you'd have a substitute taking the class, instead of Miss Aigletinger. Or you'd heard your mother and father having a terrific fight in the bathroom. Or you'd just passed by one of those puddles in the street with gasoline rainbows in them. I mean you'd be different in some way—I can't explain what I mean. And even if I could, I'm not sure I'd feel like it.
There's such a lot of different Annes in me. I sometimes think that is why I'm such a troublesome person. If I was just the one Anne it would be ever so much more comfortable, but then it wouldn't be half so interesting.
One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious.
You know a great many things in dreams, often despite the evidence of your eyes. You just know them.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.
We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
You say freak, I say unique.
You must try harder. It is not easy to become sane.
...Isn't it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about? It just makes me feel glad to be alive--it's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we knew all about everything, would it? There'd be no scope for imagination then, would there?
One of the inescapable encumbrances of leading an interesting life is that there have to be moments when you almost lose it.
All really interesting girls invent themselves.
Sadness of any sort is also seductive, particularly if it seems deep-rooted, even spiritual, rather than needy or pathetic—it makes people come to you.
I am weird, and you know what? That's OK. So are most interesting people.
This book is so interesting. I always wonder what's going to happen next.
He looked down at himself and laughed softly. ‘‘My dark side dresses better than I do.’’ He stood upand reached for clothes folded neatly on a table to the side as he loosened the tie on his robe. He hesitated, smiled, and raised hiseyebrows. ‘‘If you don’t mind, Claire . . . ?’’‘‘Oh. Sorry.’’ Claire turned her back. She didn’t like turning her back on him, even with the cell door locked. He was betterbehaved when he knew she was watching. She focused on the faint, distorted image of his reflection on the TV screen as he shedthe dressing gown and began to pull on his clothing. She couldn’t see much, except that he was very pale all over. Once she wassure his pants were up, she glanced behind her. He had his back to her, and she couldn’t help but compare him with the only otherman she’d really studied half-naked. Shane was broad, strong, solid. Myrnin looked fragile, but his muscles moved like cablesunder that pale skin—far stronger than Shane’s, she knew.Myrnin turned as he buttoned his shirt. ‘‘It’s been a while since a pretty girl looked at me with such interest,’’ he said. She lookedaway, feeling the blush work its heat up through her neck and onto her cheeks. ‘‘It’s all right, Claire. I’m not offended.
And Siobhan says people go on holidays to see new things and relax, but it wouldn’t make me relaxed and you can see new things by looking at earth under a microscope or drawing the shape of the solid made when 3 circular rods of equal thickness intersect at right angles. And I think that there are so many things just in one house that it would take years to think about all of them properly. And also, a thing is interesting because of thinking about it and not because of it being new.
A little damage makes people more interesting, right?
No one wants to admit we're addicted to music. That's just not possible. No one's addicted to music and television and radio. We just need more of it, more channels, a larger screen, more volume. We can't bear to be without it, but no, nobody's addicted. We could turn it off anytime we wanted. I fit a window frame into a brick wall. With a little brush, the size for fingernail polish, I glue it. The window is the size of a fingernail. The glue smells like hair spray. The smell tastes like oranges and gasoline.
The lie, of course, is more interesting.
That was interesting, riding in the trunk," Milo said, "but I wouldn't want to do it again.
She listened to him all night and he found her fascinating.
The only really interesting thing iswhat happens between two people in a room.
Best friends one, and now we have almost nothing to say to each other. It was interesting, how he had joined those guys and I just stayed on my own. I didn't like it or dislike it. It was just funny that things had turned out that way.
One of the hardest tasks as a human being is knowing when to keep an open mind, and when not to.
All life's a risk, that's what makes it interesting.
A mans life is interesting primarily when he has failed. I well know. For its a sign that he tried to surpass himself.
To see a world in a grain of sandAnd a heaven in a wild flower,Hold infinity in the palm of your handAnd eternity in an hour.A robin redbreast in a cagePuts all heaven in a rage.A dove-house filled with doves and pigeonsShudders hell through all its regions.
He was a thundering paradox of a man, noble and ignoble, inspiring and outrageous, arrogant and shy, the best of me and the worst of men, the most protean, most ridiculous, and most sublime. No more baffling, exasperating soldier ever wore a uniform. Flamboyant, imperious, and apocalyptic, he carried the plumage of a flamingo, could not acknowledge errors, and tried to cover up his mistakes with sly, childish tricks. Yet he was also endowed with great personal charm, a will of iron, and a soaring intellect. Unquestionably he was the most gifted man-at arms- this nation has produced. -William Manchester on Douglas MacArthur
The world is full of unused corners.
Stick and stones may break your bones, but words will never hurt you.
If one would praise the Almighty, one must then revel in His works, and take them whole, adore their very grossness, savor the oozing quiddity of that slime of which He seems to be inordinately fond. Love is not nice. God's love assuredly is not; and human love, its copy, must not presume to be so.
where is here, when is now??
I'd rather strive for the kind of interview where instead of me asking to introduce myself to society, society asks me to introduce myself to society.
Triliogy
If you act for self-gain then no good can come of it. If you act selflessly, then you act well for all and you must not be afraid.
A small brazier glowed near the monk's left hand. On a lecturn before him lay pots of paints, brushes, a quill, a pen, a knife, a sizeable handbell, the tooth of some animal--and a piece of parchment. It was the parchment that commanded the room. Until he saw it Len didn't realize how starved he had been of colour. Villagers dressed in various shades of brown and beige, like their furniture and fields and now, here, was an irruption of the rainbow, as if a charm of goldfinches had landed on the manuscript and been transfixed.
What you choose also chooses you.
There are those who drink to make people more interesting; and those who do not drink to identify the arrogant drunks who they do not want to be around.
There's a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out but i'm too clever, I only let him out at night sometimes when everybody's asleep. I say, I know that you're there, so don't be sad.
We all know that a sky with clouds in it is much more interesting than one that doesn’t have any.
Be the innocent flower, but be the serpent under it
Of course Will was right again. But I realized clearly for the first time how desperate our plight was. It has been foolish to think we could rescue Kai. Now, wherever he is, it couldn't be worse than being held captive by pirates. Even cannibals were more trustworthy.
They were black like a lizard's and very large and, like the eyes of a lizard, could sometimes look sleepy.
When unbelievable things happen in life, that’s where life becomes more interesting.
Adventures are what make life interesting and entering their world is what makes life meaningful.
Pan knew about the war. He spent a lifetime outside under the stars, in trenches or bunkers when the only sounds at night that will bring you any comfrot are the songs of the crickets."......"When crickets are singing, their music drowns out all the other noises in the night sky, You can have faith that the enemy isn't moving because they'll warn you," Trey replies. "It's when the crickets stop singing that you know the enemy is near and the battle is about to begin.
Lies hurt people; imagination makes life more fun.
You can frequently observe inspiration at work in children who are overtired. They are sometimes so extremely overtired that they seem to be wide awake. Suddenly they start telling a story as if they are finding words they haven't yet learned. They have, though; the words and the ideas have lain 'latent' in their consciousness, but now, when all caution and all censorship have let go, they are surfacing.
Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.
If the shrike did not eat the grasshoppers, then the grasshoppers would eat all the grass, and there would be none left for the deer...and the deer are food for the tiger. Life in the jungle is a giant spiderweb; if you touch one strand, it will vibrate at the other end. We cannot separate nature into good and bad, Rita. The gods do not will it so.
Fool me once shame on me, Fool me twice stop fucking lieing!
I'm curious how someone...finds God, or solace, or peace or whatever it is he finds out here alone...while he's reciting words. Is it just a matter of believing what you say?
What I love about life it self.Is that it is not perfect.That is what keeps it interesting." By Bonnie Zackson Koury
Suspense left my life a long time ago, now it has returned. I do not care for it.
A tip for the new you: Growth has its own evolutionary timeline, whether #personal or professional. Rethink "Throwback-Thursday" today and consider what's old that has yet to be thrown out...and what should be renewed within, around and all about you. Communicate it with your energy, and your thrive vibe for life. No matter what your personal/professional purpose...that right there will make you interesting, engagement worthy and always attractive!
Death is as normal and digestion. People move through life the way food moves through our bodies. Their natural usefulness is extracted along the way to help enrich the world, and when they have nothing left to give, they’re eliminated. Much like our bodies would clog up with excrement if we didn’t defecate, the world would do the same if we didn’t die.
Boredom is probably more frequent and more tormenting if you do not have sight or hands.
Интересно, что чье отражение, море - неба или небо - моря?
 'Do not ask what brings Dante to man but what brings man to Dante-to personally enter his sphere, though it is forever severe and unforgiving.' 
My mother neither encouraged the reading of science fiction nor did she disparage it. She told me later that there was a scheme of things. Young people were first drawn to fiction, but as they grew older they were pulled more and more into nonfiction and biography, because nonfiction is so much more tragic, engrossing, and hilarious than anything else that could be invented. In this grand scheme, comic books and science fiction were just fine. They filled the need for a certain amount of time, and you moved on when that need was no longer filled.
Legends often seem much less legendary when you are taking part in them.
The most intriguing thing about choosing an important but less interesting job is that it challenges you. The duller the job, the more challenging it is since not many people are willing to take up such tasks. However, once you get into this challenging job, the same job gradually becomes very interesting and satisfying.
I was not looking, not watching, not hearing what they should say, or very interested in people, who do not have an intention.
Haya', in Arabic, conveys the meaning of shame, though the root word of haya ’ is closely associated with life and living. The Prophet stated, “Every religion has a quality that is characteristic of that religion. And the characteristic of my religion is haya, an internal sense of shame, which includes bashfulness and modesty. Most adults alive today have heard it said when they were children, “Shame on you!” Unfortunately, shame has come to be viewed as a negative word, as if it were a pejorative. Parents are now advised never to “shame a child,” never correct a child’s behavior by causing an emotional response. Instead, the current wisdom suggests that people always make the child feel good regardless of his or her behavior. Eventually, what this does is disable naturally occurring deterrents to misbehavior. Some anthropologists divide cultures into shame and guilt cultures. They say that guilt is an inward mechanism and shame an outward one. With regard to this discussion, guilt alludes to a human mechanism that produces strong feelings of remorse when someone has done something wrong, to the point that he or she needs to rectify the matter. Most primitive cultures are not guilt-based, but shame-based, which is rooted in the fear of bringing shame upon oneself and the larger family. What Islam does is honor the concept of shame and take it to another level altogether—to a rank in which one feels a sense of shame before God. When a person acknowledges and realizes that God is fully aware of all that one does, says, or thinks, shame is elevated to a higher plane, to the unseen world from which there is no cover. In fact, one feels a sense of shame even before the angels. So while Muslims comprise a shame-based culture, this notion transcends shame before one’s family—whether one’s elders or parents— and admits a mechanism that is not subject to the changing norms of human cultures. It is associated with the knowledge and active awareness that God is all-seeing of what one does—a reality that is permanent. The nurturing of this realization deters one from engaging in acts that are displeasing and vulgar. This is the essence of the noble prophetic teachings.
Sometimes interesting paths create interesting people and sometimes interesting people create interesting paths!
A lie is always more interesting, creative, focused, and inspiring than the truth.
When the people are not enlightened enough to exercise intelligent control, you take it from them, not to command their lives, but to create a safe depository for the ultimate powers.
Three PeopleOne cause the misunderstandingThe other misunderstoodAnd another did not wish to explainThat night, all three of them walked in the rain
It will be interesting to see where ignoring me will take you in the long term.
People and things need not be interesting to us for them to be beneficial to us.
If the ball does not fit your dog's mouth, it is not your ball.
When we react vindictively, we create a mood and an attitude within ourselves that WE have to live with.
I used to think nightmares were like memories, tactile but harmless, the fear confined to that place inside me I could never reach with my eyes...But all it would take was that first breath back into consciousness and the darkness would let go of me. I could count on that, on the morning always rescuing me.
Idealistic? Ruddy stupid, if you'll pardon the language, miss,: Mr Roberts said. "All this talk about power for the people and down with the ruling classes and everyone should govern themselves. It can never happen, I told him. The ruling classes are born to rule. They know how to do it. You take a person like you or me and you put us up there to run a country and we'd make a ruddy mess of it.
Women who are not boring have realized that men do not like sex as much as it is generally believed.
I gather you weren't keen on going back to Scotland with your brother at this time of year. I don't say I blame you. Terribly bleak and cutoff in the winter.""Oh no, Mom," I said, as her words sunk in. "My brother is not going back to Scotland. He and my sister-in-law are going to the Riviera."The Riviera? I had no idea.""For my sister-in-law's health. She's feeling rather frail at the moment.""I don't think that frail would ever be a word to describe your sister-in-law," the Queen said, looking up with a half smile on her lips as a tray of coffee was reeled into the room."I managed to have six children without making a fuss. One just got on with it.
I can’t explain everything about why, but I found out some stuff recently that means I’m suddenly very interesting to a lot of people.", Celestra Caine, FADE by Kailin Gow
Interesting is the enemy of the uninteresting! When these two come together, no one will notice the latter!
Is the deer crossing the road, or is the road crossing the forest?
Is the princess still in the fitting room?""Oh no, darling. She appeared about half an hour ago. Poured herself a black coffee, and looked longingly at the cakes. That child is starving herself if you ask me. Now she's definitely too thin. European men do like a woman to have a little meat on her bones.""And Prince Nicolas, have you seen him recently?""I haven't seen him since lunch. I gather he and Antone went out to shoot. And I expect Max went with them. They're only happy when they're shooting something. Apart from sex of course." "Mother!" I gave her a warning frown. My mother glanced around at the other women, who were tucking into their tort with abandon. "They won't understand. Their English is hopeless, darling. Besides, it is about time you are acquainted with the facts of life. I've hopelessly neglected my duty in that area. Men only have two thoughts in their heads. And those are killing or copulating.""I'm sure there are plenty of men with finer feelings who are interested in art and culture.""Yes, darling. Of course there are. They are called ferries. And they are quite adorable. So witty and fun to be with. But in my long and varied life I've found that the ones who are witty to be with are no use in bed. And vice versa.
So,” Bobbie said. “This is going to be interesting.
We —I mean to say we mammals — who in general do not have problems about obtaining water, have learned to wedge it into the urea molecule, which is soluble in water, and as urea we free ourselves of it; other animals, for whom water is precious (or it was for their distant progenitors), have made the ingenious invention of packaging their nitrogen in the form of uric acid, which is insoluble in water, and of eliminating it as a solid, with no necessity of having recourse to water as a vehicle. In an analogous fashion one thinks today of eliminating urban garbage by pressing it into blocks, which can be carried to the dumps or buried inexpensively.
It's interesting the fact that when you are bored times passes slow, when you are interested it passes fast.
I'm not into appearances. I like flaws, I think they make things interesting.
There is an art to Noavek bullshit," Cyra said as she muted the feed. "We're taught it from birth.
A jellyfish, if you watch it long enough, begins to look like a heart beating. It doesn't matter what kind: the blooded Atolla with its flashing siren lights, the frilly flower hat variety, or the near-transparent moon jelly, Aurelia aurita. It's their pulse, the way they contract swiftly, than release. Like a ghost heart-- a heart you can see right through, right into some other world where everything you ever lost as gone to hide. Jellyfish don't even have hearts, of course-- no heart, no brain, no bone, no blood. But watch them for a while. You will see them beating.
The notion of "cause and effect" is sometimes useful in real life, and it can even be interesting in art, but I'm more interested in "cause and cause" or "effect and effect" or "and and and".
When I venture to point out the unfairness of this, I am reminded of the second item on my list. Apparently the only acceptable destiny for a young female mem​b​er of the house of Windsor is to marry into another of the royal houses that still seem to litter Europe, even though there are precious few reigning monarchs these days. it seems that even a very minor Windsor like myself is a desirable commodity for those wishing a tenuous alliance with Britain at this unsettled time. I am constantly being reminded that is is my duty to make a good match with some half-lunatic, buck-toothed, chinless, spinele​s​s​​​, and utterly awful European royal, thus cementing ties with a potential enemy. My cousin Alex did this, poor thing. I have learned from her tragic example.
It did occur to him that perhaps he’d gone to the wrong Academy – the guys in the Space Fleet always had more interesting stories to tell at the spaceport bars. You know, tales about the dude who got vaporized in a plasma accident in the engineering section, or the fella who got turned into a blob of weird space jelly by some alien virus – or the time someone flew a starship into an astor-field at warp four by mistake (they were still trying to find the black box on that one). The Imperial Space Fleet’s recruiting office sure didn’t go around advertising ‘Join up, see the universe, meet interesting aliens and die screaming’, but it was known there were risks involved. It was part of the job after all, and yet somehow, they still got recruits signing up in droves. Yes, indeedy – the stories were far more interesting than his – took a load of ore to Gorda, took a load of mining equipment back to Tordrazil. Took a load of Florpavian Flame-birds to a zoo on Deanna, took a load of machinery to Salus. Picked up and dropped off a few passengers on the way. Still, Florpavian Flame-birds were a risky cargo… and damned tricky to transport – which is probably the only reason he’d had any entertainment at all on the last trip.
Some scholars compare human biochemistry to an air-conditioning system that keeps the temperature constant, come heatwave or snowstorm. Events might momentarily change the temperature, but the air-conditioning system always returns the temperature to the same set point. Some air-conditioning systems are set at 70 degrees Fahrenheit. Others are set at twenty degrees. Human happiness conditioning systems also differ from person to person. On a scale from one to ten, some people are born with a cheerful biochemical system that allows their mood to swing between levels six and ten, stabilising with time at eight. Such a person is quite happy even if she lives in an alienating big city, loses all her money in a stock-exchange crash and is diagnosed with diabetes. Other people are cursed with a gloomy biochemistry that swings between three and seven and stabilises at five. Such an unhappy person remains depressed even if she enjoys the support of a tight-knit community, wins millions in the lottery and is as healthy as an Olympic athlete. Indeed, even if our gloomy friend wins $50,000,000 in the morning, discovers the cure for both AIDS and cancer by noon, makes peace between Israelis and Palestinians that afternoon, and then in the evening reunites with her long-lost child who disappeared years ago - she would still be incapable of experiencing anything beyond level seven happiness. Her brain is simply not built for exhilaration, come what may.
On top of the city with my Loises all around me, I felt a tremor of something. Was it possible?I had become interesting.
You hunt... Your fellow creatures?" I ask, still in disbelief. "Of course. A hunt is only as interesting as the prey is clever!
It is interesting how - depending on the person in power - our LGBT issues are either right at the top of the list - or right at the very bottom. And almost always for exactly the wrong reasons.
It feels great to wake up and go to the bathroom and have an amazing shit, relieving my body of the waste that has built up in my colon. And the times when this does not happen, it is more or less tenesmus.
It's not her fault she can't cook.""You are too nice natured, darling. You won't get anywhere in this world being kind and generous. You must turn into a lioness like me and gobble up people who disagree with you.""I'm not very good at gobbling," I said. "And I want to like people, and be liked by them."She sighed. "The sooner you get married and have babies to adore the better.
It seems our cultures are a natural insult to each other Par'chin,” Jardir said.
If you don’t find any interesting things in a path, leave that path! Because you will feel alive only when you are surrounded by the interesting things.
The stars are dead. The animals will not look.We are left alone with our day, and the time is short, and History to the defeated May say Alas but cannot help nor pardon.
Interesting is the enemy of the non-interesting! When these two come together, no one will notice the latter!
Ex ‘Fleet man?”“He was a full Commander, last I heard, sir.”“Interesting.” Falconer commented. “Get me his specs. If I have to take him aboard my ship, I want to know all about him.” She swallowed. “Yes sir.”Falconer returned his attention to Nordyke.“What’s their location?”“They’re about a week outside the Hermes system, Captain.”“Helm, set a course – best possible speed!”“Um – sir, we’re on conversion drive at the moment.” The helmsman reported.“I know, Linson – d’you think I’m senile?”“No, sir – I…” The young helmsman stammered.“I did say ‘best possible speed’, didn’t I?”“Yes, sir.
Whether or not Project Gilgamesh succeeds, from a historical perspective it is fascinating to see that most late-modern religions and ideologies have already taken death and the afterlife out of the equation. Until the eighteenth century, religions considered death and its aftermath central to the meaning of life. Beginning in the eighteenth century, religions and ideologies such as liberalism, socialism and feminism lost all interest in the afterlife.
Not everyone who talks less or keeps quiet whenever they are with or around you does that because they find you interesting or knowledgeable; some people do that because they find you boring or ignorant.
Who's more interesting: A famous scientist, or the famous who plays the cello and whittles marionettes in a lighthouse at the edge of the world where he sometimes writes poetry by the light of passing ships? Exactly. Follow your weird impulses and do all sorts of things. Getting sidetracked can lead you to exactly where you belong.
In 1947 Cuba, clandestently Meyer Lansky acted as a go-between, establishing a cooperative atmosphere between Batista and the Mob. Both Lansky and Batista were outsiders to the Sicilian-run criminal organization, but they both were ambitious and had greed as a common value. This unholy alliance continued as long as Batista’s interests coincided with the interests of the Mafia. During a meeting at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, Batista offered Meyer Lansky control of the racetracks and casinos in Havana if he would help him return to the Cuban presidency.Now that the Mafia could clearly see the potential Havana had to offer, they decided to move ahead on the racketeering venture in Cuba. Batista became an important part of the complicated puzzle. Although the former Sergeant/Colonel had lived in exile, he finagled his return to power as a Senator, providing the Mafia with a way of openly buying their way into Cuba.Meetings between Batista and Meyer Lansky provided them both with a common goal. The planning for a territorial takeover began, with both men maneuvering to improve their advantage. Lansky figured out how to make money and Batista offered him his cooperation and protection in return… depending of course, on Batista’s return to the Presidency.Read the award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba,” page 205
The coolest most amazing people I have met in my life, I said, are the ones who are not very interested in power or money, but who are very interested in laughter and courage and grace under duress and holding hands against the darkness, and finding new ways to solve old problems, and being attentive and tender and kind to every sort of being, especially dogs and birds, and of course children.
There is enchantment in wondering...in seeing a beautiful portrait every now and then rather than an overabundance of the overexposed; I wanted the figure before me to remain a magnificent mystery, like any alluring woman is as the rarity of a thing is what makes it valuable, even an enigma, and when something or someone is that, they become captivating.
The Frankenstein myth confronts Homo Sapiens with the fact that the last days are fast approaching. Unless some nuclear or ecological catastrophe intervenes, so goes the story, the pace of technological development will soon lead to the replacement of Homo Sapiens by completely different beings who posses not only different physiques, but also very different cognitive and emotional worlds. This is something most Sapiens find extremely disconcerting. We like to believe that in the future people just like us will travel from planet to planet in fast spaceships. We don't like to contemplate the possibility that in the future, beings with emotions and identities like ours will no longer exist, and our place will be taken by alien life forms whose abilities dwarf our own.
I look up at the painting. It's not even that interesting. Definitely doesn't grab me and shake my brain around like the meadow scene did.
Isn't it interesting how nationalistic attitudes foster the notion that being gay is 'un-(fill in your nationality/ religion/ culture here)'?
Isn't it strange??When you don't have something you want more and more even when you see it on the TV for example the the drug from the Limitless... you want it don't ya??A drug which makes your the smartest person on the earth... A drug which helps you understand fast everything... you can read in about 1500 books in a year... isn't it crazy... it will be awesome to have this drug... but it's not possible unfortunately... as for now...let's go in the real world shall we?What happens when you want something... let's take it that you get it... you want more and more and more... when you have from something which is like candy like 1000 in one place... somehow a limit comes... it comes the moment when you can't eat anymore - Isn't it interesting this fact?
When you are unemployed, weekends are seven days long.
It is interesting indeed that some people think they are right to force others into believing what they believe.
Always let life be wild. Forever have life be interesting.
It is an interesting thing, love ,” the Princess stated. “It can turn lambs into heroes, and heroes into lambs.
For all these stars,nothing is new.They’ve seen all kinds of warsand miracles, too.They know the messengers with their holy bookswill smile and wash their hands in blood.They know the politicians with their good lookswill make the poor eat pies of mud.They’ve seen the Earth freeze and then burn with greed.They’ve seen the treesand the seas emptied.Yet, you won’t hear their sneerswhen a man arrivesand, having experienced a number of years,proclaims: 'I have lived!'Because nothing is new under these stars:the lies, the love, the memories and scars, the ruin, the revolution, the fakes and true,the families, the friends, none of it is new.All of it—even the me and you.
A person’s irregular surfaces are what make us interesting.
If you're nice, decent, attractive, get good grades and are talented, no one wants to read about that...They want to read what's out-of-the-ordinary, the scandalous, the shocking and the tragic. They want a story; they want to be captivated and what's typical does not give them that...unless, of course, that person ends up a victim, commits a crime or loses their minds via a love affair.
I'm a fiend when it comes to good pastry, and the French make the best as far as I'm concerned.
O woman, father says natural is beautifulso why do you redden your cheeks and blacken your eyes?Why do you remove the hair on your legsand draw them into your brows?Why do you hold your breathlest your stomach showand hold your fartlest they knowthat you’re a human? O woman, father says natural is beautifulso why do you straighten your hairto curl it nextand pretend to orgasm so they think you enjoyed the sex?Why do you dumb yourself downand push your breasts up?Why do you smile when you’re told toand love when you don’t want to?When? When will you stop, woman? Father says natural is beautifulbut that is doubtfulfor what does father knowhe’s only a fellow.
Love is becoming each other's consequences.
The crucial importance of human expectations has far-reaching implications for understanding the history of happiness. If happiness depended only on objective conditions such as wealth, health and social relations, it would have been relatively easy to investigate its history. The finding that it depends on subjective expectations makes the task of historians far harder. We moderns have an arsenal of tranquillisers and painkillers at our disposal, but our expectations of ease and pleasure, and our intolerance of inconvenience and discomfort, have increased to such an extent that we may well suffer from pain more than our ancestors ever did.
We all make mistakes. It is in our human nature. It just happens, it's nature's way to keep life interesting.
God is Alien?? Think on this, it's sounds very interesting, is he....?? or he is not???
You are not wrong to be unique. You are not incorrect because you are different. You should not be sorry for being interesting.
Today I and one friend we have lost in the shopping center, loads of laugh enjoy and that's what suppose to be interesting... Not something which makes your day horrible.
Outside there a lot of powerful stuff, starting from mind movies up to movies like drama, real life, horror, mysteries and many other. Music which makes your day interesting, quotes which change your thought, books which provoke and many other stuff... (So now you know what's everything about, Good Luck with the other Stuff!)
Am I shallow? she asks the mirror. Yes, I am shallow. The sun shines on the ripples where it's shallow. Deep is too dark.
I look interesting in some people's faces, but.... I don't give a shit. I have work and I will work on it.
If you know the rules, it's not anymore interesting the game, but if you don't know them it's interesting... like what's the feeling to be 24 hours at jail, who can you meet at jail. Do you know somebody from the guards...?!
Laugh, happiness and rage are interesting emotions. They deserve to be explored.
It will be interesting to have chance to view and the places from rich and poor to see what happens... if somebody knows the chance to do it it's smaller than before.
Tell, tell more sounds interesting and little familiar...
How is it every time we're talking about the real world, you manage to bring up fantasy, and every time we're talking about fantasy, you manage to bring up the real world?Travis shrugged. "My fantasies are more interesting than the real world and machines and tools are more interesting than you guys' fantasies.
Green Inferno was the truth, everything can be saw, how we were in the privous centuries, how did we survive and many other interesting stuff.So do you have the guts?
Those questions which are unexpected and complicated are the ones I appreciate most. They can help me a great deal. as I am compelled to take an interest in something that might not otherwise have occurred to me.
Friendship matters, especially in old age, when death reduces the number of one's friends.
People a lot of times say that they live one life, say that we all live one... no you are in mistake so farI can say that 10 games I have played in which I have died and reborn, then 197 books I have read, 6 more are waiting to be finished, 197 books = 197 lifes, so far!407 films = 407 lifes so far 197 + 407 equal 604... Every dramatical moment in which you have survive like car crash or others such type are equal +1 life... so far it looks like I have lived a lot of. Every Year in the tree branch with the branch...
The most interesting people are the unusual. No one writes about or discusses the average, the ordinary, or the common; they write about and discuss the weird, the mad and the different, so if you are one, even though the opinions of others are of no importance, you are, in their eyes, significant enough to notice and remember.
About Hollywood.I feel like it’s a big ocean, full of bottom feeders, midlevel fish, the occasional shark, and some wonderful savvy whales, the elders, and the ones who guide you on your way. If you’re lucky enough, you get to be a dolphin and have your waves broken by the passage of these elders before you, but at the same time, you get an occasional shark bite in the tail and maybe one of the bottom feeders comes up and takes a little nibble. But I see myself as cresting a series of waves, dipping down, sometimes, lower than I’d like, but mainly kind of happily staying above. (smiles and takes a long drag of her cigarette) And, of course, I try to avoid the fishnets.
Where is truth??Somewhere in the story... somewhere around the facts.- There should be a truth some kind of feature, if there isn't... it goes interesting how in the hell is build a story with a truth... It's pretty interesting journey!
It is the adventure and uncertainties of the journey that makes life so beautiful and interesting.
Everything she does comes from within, from some dark impulse. I guess that’s what makes her so thrilling to watch. So dangerous. Even perfect at times. But also so damned destructive.
A man is only as effective as the effect he has on his surroundings,' Gordon was saying. 'And if a man is not effective, if his very being is as insubstantial as thought, then what is this man? Is he a man? Or is he merely the thought of a man?
One day, it will all make sense, it will all be revealed. Until then, we learn to live and accept our shadows, our Déjà vu's, our dreams, our intuition that takes us to places that our minds never conceived, our bodies only perceived and our souls gladly remembered. Conversations and experiences amuse me, for I am experimenting with my feelings in ways that I can only do down here. Language makes up for a very interesting, yet bizarre way of putting thoughts into spoken form for the sound to move on in other peoples' ears, but every language, every sound, every word carries with it a long history, a deep culture and the souls of the many people who have previously used it throughout the centuries. Our hearts give us direction, hope and the passion to keep moving forward.. But what we do when they're frozen, broken, torn apart by an unhealthy way of living is what gives us new strength to push forward or kills us completely. Deep inside, we feed the entities that empower the fight between our internal demons and angels. We feed them with our thoughts, our emotions, our self-talk and the external talk that we lower our shields to at times. Whether good or bad, this brings about a change internally and at times there isn't much we can do to protect ourselves. At times, we need to let things be and go along with it. Of course, we're all worried, stressed, confused and lacking direction at times and we're in the same way at peace, stable and walking in the right direction once we get things sorted. Give it some time, give it some light, give it some love. You're not very far away.
Horror is like the humor, the one without the other can't exist. Horror makes life more interesting like the humor!
When you say nasty things about people, you should never say the true ones, because you can't really trully and honestly take those back...
The philosophers make still another objection: "What you gain in rigour," they say, "you lose in objectivity. You can rise toward your logical ideal only by cutting the bonds which attach you to reality. Your science is infallible, but it can only remain so by imprisoning itself in an ivory tower and renouncing all relation with the external world. From this seclusion it must go out when it would attempt the slightest application.
Do interesting things and interesting things will happen to you.
A man is not for you when all he knows is to slam your back on the bed and ram into you like a wild fool. The interested ones are the ones so interested that they become very interested in only interesting things about you.
Unknown is interesting like the Dead zone... you never know where you will go.
Shukhov stared at the ceiling and said nothing. He no longer knew whether he wanted to be free or not...it had gradually dawned on him that people like himself were not allowed to go home but were packed off into exile. And there was no knowing where the living was easier – here or there. The one thing he might want to ask God for was to let him go home. But they wouldn't let him go home.
THE UNOFFICIAL AND UNWRITTEN(but you better follow them or you’re going to get beaten twice as hard)SPOKANE INDIAN RULES OF FISTICUFFS:1. IF SOMEBODY INSULTS YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.2. IF YOU THINK SOMEBODY IS GOING TO INSULT YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.3. IF YOU THINK SOMEBODY IS THINKING ABOUT INSULTING YOU, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.4. IF SOMEBODY INSULTS ANY OF YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, OR IF YOU THINK THEY’RE GOING TO INSULT YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, OR IF YOU THINK THEY’RE THINKING ABOUT INSULTING YOUR FAMILY OR FRIENDS, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HIM.5. YOU SHOULD NEVER FIGHT A GIRL, UNLESS SHE INSULTS YOU, YOUR FAMILY, OR YOUR FRIENDS, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT HER.6. IF SOMEBODY BEATS UP YOUR FATHER OR YOUR MOTHER, THEN YOU HAVE TO FIGHT THE SON AND/OR DAUGHTER OF THE PERSON WHO BEAT UP YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER.7. IF YOUR MOTHER OR FATHER BEATS UP SOMEBODY, THEN THAT PERSON’S SON AND/OR DAUGHTER WILL FIGHT YOU.8. YOU MUST ALWAYS PICK FIGHTS WITH THE SONS AND/OR DAUGHTERS OF ANY INDIANS WHO WORK FOR THE BUREA OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.9. YOU MUST ALWAYS PICK FIGHTS WITH THE SONS AND/OR DAUGHTERS OF ANY WHITE PEOPLE WHO LIVE ANYWHERE ON THE RESERVATION.10. IF YOU GET IN A FIGHT WITH SOMEBODY WHO IS SURE TO BEAT YOU UP, THEN YOU MUST THROW THE FIRST PUNCH, BECAUSE IT’S THE ONLY PUNCH YOU’LL EVER GET TO THROW.11. IN ANY FIGHT, THE LOSER IS THE FIRST ONE WHO CRIES.
Death, you know, keeps secrets better even than a guilty Roman.
When motivation flows, people see work as interesting as music. They enjoy it till they do more than they could have done. Leaders motivate people to do greater things.
Torak's dead.""Really?" Aunt Pol said. "Have you seen his grave? Have you opened the grave and seen his bones?
It's interesting how interesting uninteresting people get after a few drinks.
The more interest you show in your spouse, the more interest your spouse will show in you.
…Mrs. Warren allowed her book to fall closed upon her lap, and her attractive face awakened to an expression of agreeable expectation, in itself denoting the existence of interesting and desirable qualities in the husband at the moment inserting his latch-key in the front door preparatory to mounting the stairs and joining her. The man who, after twenty-five years of marriage, can call, by his return to her side, this expression to the countenance of an intelligent woman is, without question or argument, an individual whose life and occupations are as interesting as his character and points of view.
The USA government encourages gun ownership at the same time as they have allowed environmental radiation levels to become ridiculously high powered and this continues to increase annually. It will be interesting to see where this government experiment eventually takes the USA!
Writers are not narcissists. They simply acknowledge that what they find interesting is not unique to them.
Through the haze, bulbous shapes drifted to and fro about the town. Silka guessed they were the dirigibles of which her father had sometimes spoken--great elongated bags of gas ribbed and hung with gondolas, powered by grinding engines, gouting steam, and sparks as they cruised like airborne pigs, filled with passengers and cargoes.
Many of the women in Los Angeles are part of the notorious gang culture, and they will forever have my gratitude for, you know, letting me live.
The aloo gobi is perhaps to North India what apple pie is to America. It is cheap and easy to make. Like most Indian dishes, you can make aloo gobi in as complex or rudimentary a fashion as you wish. You can eat it with rice, rotis, parathas or even with sliced white bread. A little leftover aloo gobi between two slices of white bread, toasted in one of those clamp sandwich-makers, and served with ketchup and mint chutney, is one of the greatest breakfast achievements of our species.
In the Awakenings movie I found it very interesting that the most profound awakenings in the catatonic patients occurred in 1969, the year that the Aurora Borealis was seen from N.Y. to Louisiana. It seems the patients were getting environmental radiation stimulation in addition to their L-Dopa drug that year. L-Dopa plus radiation therapy may eventually be proven to be a very potent brain stimulant.
Burnout at its deepest level is not the result of some train wreck of examinations, long call shifts, or poor clinical evaluations. It is the sum total of hundreds and thousands of tiny betrayals of purpose, each one so minute that it hardly attracts notice. When a great ship steams across the ocean, even tiny ripples can accumulate over time, precipitating a dramatic shift in course. There are many Tertius Lydgates, male and female, inhabiting the lecture halls, laboratories, and clinics of today’s medical schools. Like latter-day Lydgates, many of them eventually find themselves expressing amazement and disgust at how far they have veered from their primary purpose.
This coyote is a wily dog bornfrom ancient trickster bones,Loki, Hermes, the northwestern Raven of lore
Isn't it interesting how much we dislike the days that allow us to enjoy our weekends? The days that pay. If you don't like Monday's, you're not living your authentic life! You’re in the wrong job! What do you really want to do with your life…?
Keep moving. Don't get bogged down. Don't think about the bad stuff. Smile and joke even when you don't feel like it.
Music is not my life. My life is music.
But the sky is interesting, it changes all the time.
The irony of rule followers is they often quote a lot of people that do not follow as many rules as they do.
Fear can't be reasoned with. Neither can hate. They're like love. They're almost identical emotions.
Victory must be real. It must be earned. That means it must be rare and difficult, against steep odds, and defeat must be the other.
Ralph Waldo Emerson observed that there are always men who like to feel a natural superiority which is not dependent on accomplish­ment and does not need to be proved.
It does not matter what I believe. The past is done. Hope is irrelevant. We measure success and failure in history with a cost of lives. Penicillin saved people, and the world wars exterminated them. Success and failure. Feelings, regrets, the point where they knew they made mistakes...it is interesting but unfortunately, irrelevant. Did they go to their death and grieve for what they did? Did the makers of the atomic bomb grieve for the destruction they dedicated their lives towards creating? Who cares? They did it. Whether they knew what they were creating, or whether they talked themselves into believing it was for the best, the glory of history is being able to view it in black-and-white. However honorable one's initial intention, a villain will always be a villain.
Your name still rings a bell when you say something good, not by causing catastrophe in a bid to sound more interesting.
Everything Is In the World Is Interesting . If You See From Your Deep Level only From The Present
If real, regular, normal, boring life, (when you're at home every day, seeing the same people, doing the same things) is like sitting at home on the floor surrounded by toys... traveling feels to me like going to Toys R Us with your toy box and getting to trade stuff in and buy new things and explore whole new ideas.
A living speck-the merest dab of life-capable of pleasure and pain, is far more interesting to me than all the immensities of mere matter.
The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.
You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.
When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.
You don't have to be good at something to be liked.
Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.
I don't think she doesn't believe she can die. I think, just like you always did, she believes there are things worth dying for.
I just want to do something that matters. Or be something that matters. I just want to matter.
Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.
Even if no salvation should come, I want to be worthy of it at every moment.
Every sunrise is priceless and you can experience the richness that life holds only when you live life to the full instead of just being an onlooker.
Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.
God favors men and women who delight in being made worthy of happiness before the happiness itself.
Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.
If you want me, you'll have to earn me. And, mister, I don't come cheap.
The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.
It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.
I HOLDIf I could have had him,I could have let himgo.But withoutthe having there was nothing—so to the nothingIhold.
Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.
For this reason the gentleman will employ a man on a distant mission and observe his degree of loyalty, will employ him close at hand and observe his degree of respect. He will hand him troublesome affairs and observe how well he manages them, will suddenly ask his advice and observe how wisely he answers. He will exact some difficult promise from him and see how well he keeps it, turn over funds to him and see with what benevolence he dispenses them, inform him of the danger he is in and note how faithful he is to his duties. He will get him drunk with wine and observe how well he handles himself, place him in mixed company and see what effect beauty has upon him. By applying these nine tests, you may determine who is the unworthy man.
A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.
Love did not have to make sense. It did not have to be worthy. It did not have to be earned. It did not have to woo.It just simply was.
If I could bronze my love, it’d be worthy of a silver medal. 
A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.
Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.
A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.
Failure is an option, fear is not.
When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.
Don't ever say that, Fennrys," she said. "I don't ever want to hear you say that you don't deserve or you aren't worthy. You do. You are.
Be a worthy worker and work will come.
Positive belief in yourself will give you the energy needed to conquer the world and this belief is the power behind all creation.
What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.
Don't ever let someone tell you the value you don't have, in order to be in someone's life. That is often the value they feel you have, not that person.
Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.
If the entire world sought to make itself worthy of happiness rather than make itself happy, then the entire world would be happy.
Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!
How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.
A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.
If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.
Each person has got a voice inside them. Communicate with it and take hold of it. Do not let it push and shove you around – you are its master!
Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.
If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.
Failures can be called ‘strengtheners’ as they make you determined to reach your goal with the lessons they teach.
Take a chance on me and I will prove how worthy your life is.
Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.
According to the Law of Attraction, the physical reality that you experience at present is drawn towards the future probability you desired when it attains more power.
Whatever belief we have actually stems from the thankfulness that we feel and this feeling further attracts more happy feelings towards us.
When you are drowned by your sorry state, and you feel as if you are carried away from the road that leads to your desires, you should know that you are the one responsible for being led away from the right path.
Each guy stamped the passport of my heart. “You’re worthy.” Stamp. “You’re enough.” “You have not failed completely.” Stamp, stamp.
If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.
The grandest ambition that any man can possibly have, is to so live, and so improve himself in heart and brain, as to be worthy of the love of some splendid woman; and the grandest ambition of any girl is to make herself worthy of the love and adoration of some magnificent man. That is my idea. There is no success in life without love and marriage. You had better be the emperor of one loving and tender heart, and she the empress of yours, than to be king of the world. The man who has really won the love of one good woman in this world, I do not care if he dies in the ditch a beggar, his life has been a success.
Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.
Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.
The gratitude that you feel leads to faith in the abundance and with every resonance that radiates from your mind more strong feelings of faith start to reside in you.
On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.
In reality there are no limitations. They are vibrant and changeable to whatever form you want them to take to realise your goals.
Her feet were large, and she had a habit of whistling badly, but these things made her worthy of being loved. A goddess might be adored for a moment, but only a real person can speak forever to the rest of us.
In the spiritual world many forms of the physical universe that are potentially effective can be perceived but with regard to time, we can observe only one form.
It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.
When you act on your beliefs, the realisation that happens is caused by you and this will in turn lead to a consequence.
Success is within reach of all people, but you can grasp it only when you realise the power within you.
A tip for the new you: Growth has its own evolutionary timeline, whether #personal or professional. Rethink "Throwback-Thursday" today and consider what's old that has yet to be thrown out...and what should be renewed within, around and all about you. Communicate it with your energy, and your thrive vibe for life. No matter what your personal/professional purpose...that right there will make you interesting, engagement worthy and always attractive!
Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.
Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.
Bosco stares into the distance, like I am no longer worthy of his attention. He had always seemed so well behaved on the race track--like a real gentleman. I must confess, I thought he was better than this.
Never settle for an ordinary lover, never settle for less than you deserve, you are so worthy of being loved so passionately and madly.You deserve to be loved as whole with all your imperfections and flaws, you deserve someone who puts you first as if you were the only thing that matters, you deserve someone who will always choose to stay when you are on your lowest and you deserve someone who will always choose to love you even when you are not so lovable..
The virtues have secret names: they are, so difficult of access, secret things. Everything that is worthy is secret.
Love is a worthy motivation, although you see how quickly it can sour into guilt.
One of my goals is to educate you by calling your attention to things that others deem unworthy of attention.
You were never meant to fight for the love you deserve It should have come your way effortlessly …
Don't limit the music you hear by making only the music you create the only music you think is worthy of listening to.
But darling, when you get to finally realize your worth and sit standards to everything you allow or accept in your circle,It will be much easier for you to burn bridges, turn pages and fight only for what’s worthy of your time and energy …
You deserve your own respect, compassion, forgiveness, care, and love before you give any of those away to others. This is not selfish! It's basic self-care!
Love yourself just the way you are. You are good enough. You are worthy. You deserve your own love.
I may close both eyes and yet I can see so clear, since heart does it all for me, and it’s my choice, it has always been my choice to pass things by. Acting so dumb and blind because either those things have never mattered or the people who’ve done them are not worth it anymore…
Truth. You never completely heal from some heartbreaks. You are still worthy of giving and receiving love.
Forgiveness is difficult to create in a world of cyclical cruelty. Transmutation is ideal as it creates equilibrium. Transmute all offending connections to people who have labeled you as inferior. Let go. See yourself as a person of great worth. Above all, love yourself.
Tis my humor as much to regard the form as the substance, and the advocate as much as the cause, as Alcibiades ordered we should: and every day pass away my time in reading authors without any consideration of their learning; their manner is what I look after, not their subject. And just so do I hunt after the conversation of any eminent wit, not that he may teach me, but that I may know him, and that knowing him, if I think him worthy of imitation, I may imitate him.
Reed knew his flaws...but his enemies had paid him with determination every time they made him feel worthless...he was worth something now.
Whatever one desires and dreams, becomes the uttermost worthy; otherwise, every subject and object, even the diamond befits unworthy if it matches not with one's desires and dreams.
Sometimes the past can be painful and full of terrible things. However it affected you, the important thing is that you're here now. Focus on healing and your future, because you can definitely have and deserve a good one, just as much as anyone else. I know it's easier said than done, but I like to remind people that they are worthy and can recover from things such as trauma, even if it's a difficult, long process.
You do not need to be desperate...you just have to read and be in fellowship with the Holy Spirit of a Sovereign God. When life is not making sense for you, just get hold of this healing blog book and read through and it will uplift your spirit....and comfort your soul with divine healing. Blog 9: Blogging of a Healing Blogger In The Name of Jesus Christ This blog 9 healing blogging book comprises of cleansing and healing blogs that were posted on internet Social Media by Stellah Mupanduki for the benefit of the healing of the people of this world. These living and active healing blogs remove desperation and hopelessness from people. This blog book has unpredicted, random unparalleled expressions of healing and visual depiction of the prevailing love, mercy and protecting power and the healing presence of God in and on anything on this earth; be it a society, a system, an entity, a people, a soul, a country, a continent and the whole creation of God. If you feel lost, when your spirit is low, when you need the comfort and presence of God, just open this blog book and read randomly and the Lord will speak to your heart and soul and ease your troubles and concerns of your life. These are healing blogs that bring salvation to people and to this world. Many were healed through them as they were posted on Facebook. For years, these blogs were there to help people in times of hopelessness. The author moved according to the command of the Holy Spirit in fulfilling her vows that she made to God when she was facing times of trouble, when she said everything about her work belongs to God Almighty and he does what he wants with it. So the Holy Spirit did what he wanted by allowing these healing blogs to be given freely at that time through social media. Good and wonderful testimony from those healed came out of these healing blogs. Now they are powerful books and they are living and active because of the presence of the Holy Spirit who heals, liberates and anoints the reader at any point of life as he/she reads in truth and in spirit. You do not need to be desperate...you just have to read and be in fellowship with the Holy Spirit of a Sovereign God. When life is not making sense for you, just get hold of this healing blog book and read through and it will uplift your spirit....and comfort your soul with divine healing. (less)
A sensual lifestyle teaches us to live from a place of worthiness.
Without the mind, the idea of worthiness would not exist.
You are not worthy of living if you cannot solve a solve a problem in this world.
Was it possible for a king to run so far from his identity that he ceased to be anyone special? Because I had never felt lower, or less worthy of my title.
Expect nothing less
Never hurry, time is worth billion dollars. Pay respect to it.
Worthy of note is the detail that there are NO secular ‘ex-gay’ institutions, only religious ones, which use religion-based homophobia enforced by those who deem LGBT people ‘undesirable’ for questionable religious reasons. It is obvious that religious prejudice appears to be the sole force behind demands that LGBT people cease to exist – and since religion has no basis in fact, the response therefore to such unfounded prejudice should also be obvious, by demolishing it.
Be grateful for betrayal as it exposes someone who was never worthy of you or further consideration.
Don't find your certificate in the worth, find your worth in the certificate
Who, that was ever truly called, believed himself worthy of the summons?
We stay in the same old situations because we're comforted by the familiar, even if the familiar is terrible.
A very excellent and worthy person, thoroughly reliable in every particular.
One day I woke up and realized no amount of love, care, pain, hurt, anger, or retribution could ever transform those who are evil into good or kind people. That day I let go; I stopped caring for them, gave up any hope for their souls, and knew they were never worthy of me or my time.
Don't be shy: for to be shy means that you do not believe in who you are or your worth.
I am not here to convince anyone of my worth. I am here to remind you of yours.
Fearing the unknown within myself has kept me crouching in a corner. I look to see who I am and discover much that is worthy.
Does God knowthe number of kissesbefore we fall in love?Yesterday, I was nobodyand I believed myself important.Today,I feel my worth in you.You, with your emerald eyes and ebony hair,even your heartbeat is beautiful.You, who is my greatest joy,all other concerns vanish in your presence.You swallow timeand consume space,inspiring all my passionwith a single embrace.I love your existence.
The destination is fulfilling when the path is authentically your own; find the courage and forge your own path; your essence is at stake
[THE DAILY BREATH]Do you feel unworthy? Undeserving to be loved, to feel enough, to fulfil your dreams?A scientific study performed worldwide during the last 40 years revealed that most people, regardless of their background, live feeling unworthy.If you are one of them, I know something else about you. If you feel unloved or unworthy, chances are you also don't care, don't believe or you are just not interested in your truthful relationship with your Heavenly Father.Because you looked away from God, you forgot who you are.Do you not know that what you behold, you become? You become what you look upon. When you look at the world, you can only struggle to find something to make you feel valuable. Yet you cannot find anything because everything this world has to give you is worthless and valueless. You are not of this world, but as you look upon it to find value, you become what look upon: emptiness.When you look to Heaven, you remember your Home. You remember you are not an orphan in this world. You remember you belong to your Heavenly Father who loves you and has never left you. He loved you even when you turned your eyes away from Him and ran away from home. Return.As you behold and keep your eyes on Heaven, you become what you look upon: Love. Behold Jesus and live.
Maybe the real miracle in any miracle is our ability to believe that despite our own depravity, in the eyes of God we are worthy of a miracle.
Yet being in the spotlight is also dangerous because a child's success may be construed by a narcissistic mother as competition. In self-defense, a son or daughter may insist that any achievement is a fluke, and any award is undeserved or is really a tribute to their mother. They suppress their own healthy narcissism to please a mother . . they believe any success is a mistake and at any moment they will be "found out" and identified as a fake or a fraud. The mind-set is, "I am succeeding because I can fake excellence, but inside I am not really worthy or not really able." Such self-effacement is common in people who are pressured to excel and also primed to assure others . . . that they are subservient and inferior.
If where you are is worthwhile then where you are from doesn't matter.
I am worthy of touch without bartering my self worth.
Sometimes, giving all of your love isn't much so save a good soul, it demands soul for a soul as fair payment.
The destination is only fulfilling when the path is your own; find the courage to blaze your own path, your true expression of essence is at stake.
Have no delusions of grandeur or plotting schemes. Have flawless confidence because you are worthy and sacred.
[THE DAILY BREATH]I love the ending of the novel "The Shack" by William Young.Mackenzie, the main character, encounters Jesus during his near-death experience:"Don't all roads in life lead to you?"asks Mackenzie.Jesus answers: "No. But I will take all and every road to get to you."Because you are worthy to be loved.
But nowadays I feel guilty that I am granted the immunity of the artistically gifted, having never actually achieved anything to prove myself worthy.
He gave us taste buds, then filled the world with incredible flavors like chocolate and cinnamon and all the other spices. He gave us eyes to perceive color and then filled the world with a rainbow of shades. He gave us sensitive ears and then filled the world with rhythms and music. Your capacity for enjoyment is evidence of God's love for you. He could have made the world tasteless, colorless, and silent. The Bible says that God "richly provides us with everything for our enjoyment." He didn't have to do it, but he did, because He loves us.
I stole the very shiniest words and hoarded them all up until they made something worth having.
No one should ever be allowed to make you feel unworthy of becoming wealthy. You wealth lies mainly upon your understanding of your worth.
...unless you value yourself, you won't have the motivation to exercise, get enough sleep, eat healthfully, and care for yourself.
Beastliness means taking that is unrightful [of someone’s else right], eating that is unrightful, thinking of accumulating things which is unrightful [not of one’s own right]. There is no problem in whatever comes to us rightfully [of which we are worthy of owning it].
at last he understood that he has always been forgiven and worthy of love,and that no one could take that from him, that not even he could take that from himself.
If a child is loved, he feels worthy of love in the future
Accepting our greatness means no longer playing small. It often starts with baby steps. But eventually it means making major changes - in our lives, jobs, relationships, and dreams. If I had believed in my own self-worth, I would never have been willing to make the financial moves I made in the past. If I'd known my value, I couldn't have spent so many years ignoring the whispering - and sometimes screaming - voice that told me to leave my marriage. For a long time, that truth was just too scary and painful for me to face. Talk about keeping my head in the sand! But how many years did I waste, postponing what has proven to be a much better life - simply because I went into hiding and didn't see that I was worthy of something better?
Captain Harald Biscay rubbed his graying temples, staring deep in thought at the vast star field showing on the large navigation display on the bridge. It had been a pretty rough few days for him. Of all the things he’d seen in his travels through the universe, not many rated worthy of being remembered. Of the few examples of items Captain Biscay rated that highly, when he was a young man, his uncle would often play the bagpipes at strange hours of the night – shortly before being put in a ‘home’. That rated a mention.
What could you do if you valued yourself more? Whatever you think your worth in life and business, double it. Then double it again.
Anyone who cannot solve a problem in this world is not worthy of living in this world.
You have corrupted my imagination and inflamed my blood...
They slipped briskly into an intimacy from which they never recovered.
How beautiful would it be if we could just see souls instead of bodies? To see love and compassion instead of curves.
Tie me up, please..." Chantal said. They looked above at some vines and roots hanging down from the grassy area above the depression in the canal they were standing in. She was in his hands—he had to comply.A little bit of kink was one of the most delicious of erotic pleasures. Catholic school girls were often the horniest—Brett could hardly contain his elation.
Her underwear, her jeans, the comforter, my corduroys and my boxers between us, I thought. Five layers, and yet I felt it, the nervous warmth of touching – a pale reflection of the fireworks of one mouth on another, but a reflection nonetheless. And in the almostness of the moment, I cared at least enough. I wasn’t sure whether I liked her, and doubted whether I could trust her, but I cared at least enough to try to find out. Her on my bed, wide green eyes staring down at me. The enduring mystery of her sly, almost smirking, smile. Five layers between us.
Accidental sex. He made it sound like I fell down, and there just happened to be an erection in the way.
Recent studies have shown that approximately 40% of authors are manic depressive. The rest of us just drink.
I think God is a callous bitch not making me a lesbian. I'm deeply disappointed by my sexual interest in men.
I totally bought you as a girl," says Marisol. "I'll double check with Frances later, but by the sounds of things, you seem to have no balls.
My panties were still on but he didn’t let that stop him, nosing them out of the way and tonguing my sex, making low, growling noises in his throat like a big cat purring with pleasure while it devoured its prey.
Now? I'm just another female faking orgasms to make a man not feel so inadequate.
He lifted his head, the sight of his dark, disheveled hair, eyes glinting with longing in the lamp light, the gorgeous spread of his shoulders, tapering down to the narrow thrust of his hips, made my ovaries ache deep in my belly.
Naked in solitary prison cell he looks down at a hard-on.
I highly doubt anyone would see anything,” he said, replying to my thoughts. “We’re on the 30th floor. Stop procrastinating; take off your fucking clothes.
You are like a god, like an immortal one,' she whispered to me one night in our bed, her naked body pressed to mine, our sweat golden and glistening in the candlelight. 'Oh, my love,' I whispered back to her, 'I am more mortal than all. It seems that a part of me dies every night that I lie with you.
I've never heard of a man's cock being described as a fang before. - Rapahel
Well, remember, active Grims can't have children. Fertility is adversley affected by the proximity to the ether, to Elixir, and all sorts of other components-- plus, the Grimsphere is no place to raise a family, even if woman conceive here."Lex snuck a glance at Driggs, but Uncle Mort caught her."That doesn't mean you get a free pass to ride the baloney pony when ever you want to. Got it?
Expired condoms are like nuclear waste: there's nothing sensible you can do with it.
I emitted some civetlike female stink, a distinct perfume of sexual wanting, that he had followed to find me here in the dark.
If people knew the sexual intimacy of each other, no one would greet each other on the street.
The Theory of Sexual Understanding is mine. I created it. It works between a man and a woman. It's this: Everything's up to her.
Sensuality is not a sexual invitation, it’s a depth invitation.
I am not looking for a "perfect" man. Only one who matches me on an emotional, spiritual, sexual, and intellectual level.
Have you ever had an experience with God as wild as your most incredible sexual experience?
A guy never has a right to force a woman to have sex with him under any circumstances. She should be able to say no at any point, and he must honor that denial. It is criminal that so many girls and women are raped today. Fully 60 percent of all females who lose their virginity before age fifteen say that their first sexual experience was forced! That is a tragedy with far-reaching consequences.
Una mecenas La hermosa y sensual señora se acostaba con los jóvenes escritores nacionales para mejorar la calidad de la nueva literatura erótica mexicana.
Increasing openness about sex wasn’t the same as increasing openness about how it was used by the powerful to oppress the weak.
Sensuality is the highest form of authenticity.
Dirty minds cums together.
For a large part of human history, people didn't really know how a woman's body worked. This is mainly because for much of human history, a woman's body was either too sacred or too sexual to study.
To a woman sexual intimacy is more a tool to get mentally close to her partner than merely a means to physical pleasure.
AIDS, of course, changed the gay scenario. Yet some twenty years into the epidemic, and despite ample reason for fear, a number of studies from the early 2000s have reached a similar conclusion: though monogamy has gained more adherents than earlier, only between one-third and one-fourth of male couples together more than five years are sexually exclusive; the majority of subjects defined “fidelity” in terms of emotional commitment rather than sexual faithfulness—a much higher percentage than found among either lesbian or heterosexual couples.
Sex is not just about going in or letting in, it is really about welcoming your dearly beloved into the deepest regions of your psyche which are inaccessible to anybody else.
Sexual intimacy is not the destination, it is the path - the path that leads to mental union.
Your ability to communicate at a deep level is very crucial. You cannot love more, bigger or better than you can communicate. Most people’s ability to get to the next level in their relationships is hindered by their inability to communicate at a non-verbal or deep level. PEOPLE ALWAYS WANT TO TALK INSTEAD OF COMMUNICATE 
When selecting a one-night stand, a heterosexual woman who is materialistic is a trillion times more likely to choose a sexually unattractive poor man who seems rich over a sexually attractive rich man who seems poor.
I've written you sixty-seven love poems.Here’s another one for you.But really, for me.These poems are the candles that I light with the fire you have ignited in me.I place this candle here and another thereso even if the stars have argued with the moonand are sulking away in a corner, you can still find your way to me.Sixty-eight poems now. What does the future hold for us?Joy? Disappointment? Gentle caresses? And subtle neglect?I hope the good is more than the bad. Much more. For what is the point of loveif by lighting these candlesour own flame loses its brightness?I know the good is more than the bad. Much more.I cannot wait to write you sixty-nine.
O woman, thou art my imperfection!
Beauty is an illusion, created by Mother Nature to drive the human species in the path of reproduction. In reality, beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship. What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That’s how the human brain works. It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
34. Sexual contact between a boy and a girl is a progressive thing. In other words, the amount of touching and caressing and kissing that occurs in the early days tends to increase as they become more familiar and at ease with one another. Likewise, the amount of contact necessary to excite one another increases day by day, leading in many cases to an ultimate act of sin and its inevitable consequence. This progression must be consciously resisted by Christian young people who want to serve God and live by His standards. They can resist this trend by placing deliberate controls on the physical aspect of their relationship, right from the first date.
He didn’t touch her. He didn’t have to. Tingles exploded down her neck, shooting toward her navel.
A good lover? One percent talent and ninety nine percent hard work.
Given these differences between the sexes, the sexual revolution was the biggest joke men ever played on women. By convincing them that the old rules didn’t apply and that two could play the predator game, men enticed women to do what men have always wanted women to do. But what a price was paid for the new “freedom.” And predictably, women were the ones who got stuck with the bill.
Rather than continuing on the normal sexual path toward pain, emptiness, and idolatry, you can allow God to heal you, change the way you think, and place deliberate safeguards in your life to protect you.
Beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship. What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That’s how the human brain works. It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
The lessons of relationship that our primordial ancestors learned are deeply encoded in the genetics of our neurobiological circuits of love. They are present from the moment we are born and activated at puberty by the cocktail of neurochemicals. It’s an elegant synchronized system. At first our brain weighs a potential partner, and if the person ﬁts our ancestral wish list, we get a spike in the release of sex chemicals that makes us dizzy with a rush of unavoidable infatuation. It’s the ﬁrst step down the primeval path of pair-bonding.
A man's sexual organ is penis and woman's sexual organ is brains.
I hope that Donald Trumps voters are enjoying drinking President Trump's Koolaid!
Through sexual intimacy, two human beings become one mind, body and soul wrapped up in the cocoon of their skin.
Thus, we knew at the onset of the sexual revolution back in 1968 that this day of disease and promiscuity would come. It is here, and what we do with our situation will determine how much we and our children will suffer in the future. God created the moral basis for the universe before He made the heavens and the earth. His concept of right and wrong was not an afterthought that came along with the Ten Commandments. No, it was an expression of God’s divine nature and was in force before “the beginning.
You maintain a really wide stance. Standing, sitting. It's like you think your dick is enormous. I mean, your dick is nice. I like it. I like it a lot. It just doesn't need the kind of clearance you're giving it.
When it comes to their love lives, some people do not really have high standards; they merely have low sex drive.
Millions of sane people would each be sexually attracted to their own parent or child if they were not related to them.
Even if you have been having sex for years with many people, you can still become a "secondary virgin." That occurs when you repent of previous sexual sins and then determine not to be intimate with anyone until you are married. It will require discipline to stay in the hallway of doors, but it still bring the sweet benefits of healthiness, greater self-respect, and above all, harmony with the King. He will honor you for doing what is right.
Hope you enjoy the show then, darling.” Heat flickered in his amber eyes, and his lowered voice made the implication quite clear. A shiver rolled down her spine, but as always she didn’t betray those impulses.
If he knows where to put it and how to use it, who am I to argue?
For a man, the optimal evolutionary strategy is to disseminate his genes as widely as possible, given his few minutes (or, alas, seconds) of investment in each encounter. It all makes simple evolutionary sense, since a woman invests a good deal of time and effort -a nine month long, risky, strenuous pregnancy, in each offspring. Naturally she has to be very discerning in her choice of sexual partners.
Wise people put as much distance between themselves and sexual temptation as possible. They not only get away but also plan their escape route.
Every war is a profound sexual revolution.
You fill my sombrero with sexual pudding!
The worst wounds, the deadliest of them, aren't the ones people see on the outside. They're the ones that make us bleed internally.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
I have seen the best of you, and the worst of you, and I choose both.
Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst.
For the first time in my life I began to realize that it is not evil and brutality, but nearly always weakness, that is to blame for the worst things that happen in this world.
But you don’t have to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.”“You don’t have to assume the worst about everyone, either. The world isn’t always out to get you.
There are better people in the world, do not let the worst do the worst to you, you deserve the best in life.
And worse I may be yet: the worst is notSo long as we can say 'This is the worst.
[T]he useful idiots, the leftists who are idealistically believing in the beauty of the Soviet socialist or Communist or whatever system, when they get disillusioned, they become the worst enemies. That’s why my KGB instructors specifically made the point: never bother with leftists. Forget about these political prostitutes. Aim higher. [...] They serve a purpose only at the stage of destabilization of a nation. For example, your leftists in the United States: all these professors and all these beautiful civil rights defenders. They are instrumental in the process of the subversion only to destabilize a nation. When their job is completed, they are not needed any more. They know too much. Some of them, when they get disillusioned, when they see that Marxist-Leninists come to power—obviously they get offended—they think that they will come to power. That will never happen, of course. They will be lined up against the wall and shot.
My dear, it is a great strength to have faced the worst and to have *felt* it a feature of beauty. Nothing ever after can shake one.
When two evil guys fight in a duel,the worst of both will be the winner.
Democracy is good for you when you are not in power and worst when you are in power and that’s why it is best form of government.
the worst happens when you least expect it
You are your own best friend and worst enemy; only you can take yourself higher or make yourself fall even lower.
Disapproval of self is the worst disease imaginable.
Perhaps the truth lies in how people treat you at their worst, not yours.
The worst can happen, but the best remains
Only the one who has experienced the worst can ever claim to be the best.
امنحني القليل من العُزلةفأهديك الكثير من النسيانسافر من رفق قلبي لهزيز طفلةعارك سواد غيابي وتلطخ بالألوانعاقبني بتجاهلكتمرد،إغضب قدر الامكانثورتك تُعيد لي صخبيتُحيي بداخلي أنثىأعياها الود حبنًافباتت في طي النكرانامنحني القليل من العُزلة فأهديك الكثير من النسيان !
You are a gem. The worst part is you already know that.
He was around toxic people at his worst, but would walk around at his best.
Stoemp is stoemp, had grootvader altijd gezegd, het beslissende daarbij was natuurlijk de kwaliteit van de worst: die moest barsten als je er met een vork in prikte. Dan moest het vel van de worst wel van echte darm zijn, en niet zo'n kunstmatige plastic kous zoals je steeds vaker ziet, dramatisch symptoom van het uitsterven der Belgische arbeiderscultuur.
I came to know the food at high altitude observatories as some of the worst I had ever been served.
There is a fine line between radiation being your best friend or your worst enemy.
Out of all of my employers, the Ivy League was by far the worst.
It was ironic that one of the greatest experiences of my life came out of one of the worst experiences.
Even the worst in people cannot hide the best in people if you commit to seeing the best in people and not let the worst in people stop you from seeing the best in them.
Natural radiation is my best friend and unnatural radiation is my worst enemy.
My disability lawyer warned me prior to the hearing that one of the worst judges had been assigned to my case.
Even in worst of worst and bad things, on opposite side, makes something good. There is no absolute.
The worst situations in life teach us the best lessons.
If you like a person at their worst, you will love them at their best.
In nightmares we can think the worst. That's what they're for, I guess.
Some of the best things that have ever happened to us wouldn’t have happened to us, if it weren’t for some of the worst things that have ever happened to us.
If we’re really to give ourselves the best of ourselves, we have to be honest with the worst of ourselves.
A lot of people will break your heart, but if you look at the bright side, only one will be the worst.
It's time to get healed. It's time to confess. Falling for the bait doesn't make you the worst person in the world. You were snared. You were hooked. But you don't have to stay that way. Now is the time to deal with the shackles that keep you enslaved. Today you can leave the prison that sexual immorality has created from your past mistakes. Hear your Father's voice call out to you above the noisy clamor of our culture. He says, "I love you. You're free to go now. Sexual sin has no hold on you.
Just don't make it worst... it has happen worst don't change the shoes.
Inaction is the worst action of human beings!
He who helps you in your worst moment well deserves to be your best hero!
Love makes you do,the best of things.Love makes you do, the worst of things,It's a feeling extreme,that doesn't exist in between.
You’re not the only one,” he says through gritted teeth. “My twelve-year-old sister died in my arms. She choked to death on her own blood. And there was nothing I could do. It makes me sick, the way you act as if the worst disaster in human history somehow revolves around you. You’re not the only one who’s lost everything—not the only one who thinks they’ve found the one thing that makes any of this shit make sense. You have your promise to Sammy, and I have you.
In action is the worst action of human beings!
We are the collective creator of our own agony. It is time for a re-awakening of consciousness when we recognize the best in ourselves and overcome the worst.
This was, by far, the absolute worst weekend in his life.
You clumsy wench—Gods above! Are you trying to rob me, girl?” The nobleman seizes my wrist and yanks it from his pocket. My hand comes up with the pipe clenched in it. I stare at him, horrified.“I . . .”“I’ll have your head for this!” the man rages. “I’ll have you whipped!”***“I got the pipe,” I say, holding it up.He stares for a minute, blinking, and then bursts into laughter. A few curious deer stick their heads through the shrubs to see what the racket is. Aladdin doubles over, laughing loud enough to startle birds from the trees overhead, and after a moment, I start laughing too. I haven’t laughed this hard in a long, long while, and it feels wonderful. We sit on the grass and laugh until our faces are red and we’re out of breath.“You are the worst thief I have ever seen,” declares Aladdin.“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I got it, didn’t I?”“My grandmother could pick pockets better than that! Though that’s not quite fair; my grandmother was the best pickpocket in Parthenia. She taught me all her tricks. Drove my mother crazy.
It is in building the best of our abilities that we ultimately destroy the worst of our liabilities.
Naturally, people — especially in America — live in the moment and, given the “crisis” orientation of cable news, think that [the 2000s are] the worst period the country has ever gone through. Not really.
The worst thing that I can do is humanize God. The second worst thing that I can do is deify myself. And the best thing that I can do is to avoid both.
The best in this kind are but shadows, and the worst are no worse if imagination amend them.
I can arrogantly brag that the doors I choose in life open wide and grant me unobstructed passage. But the widest doors tend to lead to the worst places.
What we define ourselves us can sometimes bring forth the best images of ourselves--or vice versa, will create some of the worst restrictions we place on our lives.
The worst of me is the raw material from which God molds the best of me.
I dread having to call the police, as I have no idea if they will send good cop, bad cop, lying cop, incompetent cop, aggressive cop, assaulting cop, corrupt cop, or the worst one of them all, the terminator cop.
Math anxiety is worst than a regular check up at the dentist.
I had to face my worst fears, to find the force of faith.
Christ, would you look at that shite? Supes an' religion, the two worst things on the planet.
Fake isn't the perfect choice one moment the person in front of you will just catch you... or you can't do that forever... and be a sick fuck to play with people's feeling.To be real, sometimes is the worst pain.
This is your idea of a bribe?" Solomon's brow was still lifted.The Captain laughed roundly. They let her stand there, feeling hopelessly foolish."Don;t you want me?" she murmured, almost convincingly."Turn around, girl," Solomon spat out.Now it was she who felt dirty. Roxanne managed to cover herself before the Captain laid his hands on her to drag her out. Wait!"  she cried.The worst thing Roxanne had ever had to do was beat the body of a filthy, drunken man off her mother with Claude standing nearby, wringing his hands as he witnessed the scene. This was so much worse. This...this would haunt her forever. But she had no choice."Wait, please. I do have one more thing." She spoke quickly enough that she could not turn back."If you spare my brother," she began, "I'll give you the name of a witch."This got Solomon's attention. "Now  that  is worth something.
When I worked in high altitude astronomy, the worst sickness that I experienced was not at the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea Observatory (MKO) in Hawaii, it was at Kitt Peak National Observatory (KPNO) in Arizona at the much lower altitude of 6,875 feet. Due to my very high altitude experiences, I knew that this strange sickness was not primarily caused by altitude sickness and was most likely Sick Building Syndrome (SBS). After reporting various behavioral problems in all of the staff to the management team, my contract was not renewed, I was unable to legally protect the health and safety of the workers that I was responsible for, troubleshooting of this environmental problem stopped and I left in a sickened state for my next position before I could find the root cause.
Save your skin from the corrosive acids from the mouths of toxic people. Someone who just helped you to speak evil about another person can later help another person to speak evil about you.
When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.
7 things negative people will do to you. They will... 1. Demean your value;2. Destroy your image3. Drive you crazily!4. Dispose your dreams!5. Discredit your imagination!6. Deframe your abilities and7. Disbelieve your opinions!Stay away from negative people!
Buy a gift for a dog, and you'll be amazed at the way it will dance and swerve its tail, but if don't have anything to offer to it, it won't even recognize your arrival; such are the attributes of fake friends.
Someone who smiles too much with you can sometime frown too much with you at your back.
Right," she said, "We're going to the Land of the Dead and I shouldn't think negative.
I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!
Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.
To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others.
Protect your good image from the eyes of negative viewers, who may look at your good appearance with an ugly fiendish eye, and ruin your positive qualities with their chemical infested tongues.
Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment.
If you stare at someone long enough, they'll eventually look back at you.
Look,” he said, “the point is there’s no way to be a hundred percent sure about anyone or anything. So you’re left with a choice. Either hope for the best, or just expect the worst.”If you expect the worst, you’re never disappointed,” I pointed out.Yeah, but who lives like that?
Only in the world of mathematics do two negatives multiply into a positive.
Seeing the glass as half empty is more positive than seeing it as half full. Through such a lens the only choice is to pour more. That is righteous pessimism.
Negative people can only infest you with discouragements when they find you around... Just get lost and get saved!
Whatever negative things people think and say about you is enough to bring you down provided you belief that it carries a weight that can push you hard. Don't agree to accept what critics say; be prepared to silence them by doing what they think you can't do!
The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over man's perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man.
Thoughts are like an open ocean, they can either move you forward within its waves, or sink you under deep into its abyss.
Everyone judges constantly: positively judging one person is the same as negatively judging everyone else; it is to say that that person is superior in some sense.
Some people are in such utter darkness that they will burn you just to see a light. Try not to take it personally.
Bloodshed begets bloodshed. Hatred begits hatred.
Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.
Beware of those who are bitter, for they will never allow you to enjoy your fruit.
If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
One who gossips usually carries boredom in one hand and bitterness in the other.
Beware of those who are bored and not passionate about life, for they will bore you with reasons for not living.
No. But it's like the argument `don't donate to third-world countries because the money mightn't get to them.' People only say that because it makes them feel better about the fact that they do nothing.
If you want to bring the world closer to peace, be a peacemaker by creating peace whenever you can. If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.
I think that I am too warm to negatively judge individuals, yet I am cold enough to negatively judge humanity.
One negative thought precedes the other, and together, they keep revolving in our heads, making us feel anxious and depressed.
With no positivity, there is no hope; with no negativity, there is no improvement.
On the plus side, there were no rioters in sight but on the minus side this was probably because everywhere I looked was on fire.
Merry hearts are vulnerable to death, don't be over-joyed to the state of oblivion, lest the enemy poison your meal.
Remember, there’s also a downside of being too frank with others around you. There are people who might try to exploit your kindness by asking you for too many favors.
People usually do not trust others because they see others as different from themselves. They subconsciously identify themselves with both the positive and negative traits of their character.
How will people remember you when you are gone? And for how long until they forget? Were you selfish or selfless? A gossip or a patient listener? Did you add value to the world, or did you simply take from it? Did you add value to the lives of others, or did you take the value out of someone's life? Were you a plus or negative? Meaningful or meaningless? Do you live to take or live to give?
Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.
Once you accept a label you may have to wear it for the rest of your short life. Don't accept any negative label from anyone no matter who they are. If you have accepted any negative label, it's time to take them off of you.
We should always be ready to explore our positive and negative traits by evaluating our real self from time to time.
According to an article in the Washington Post: The Food and Drug Administration has repeatedly urged antidepressant manufacturers not to disclose to physicians and the public that some clinical trials of the medications in children found that drugs were no better than sugar pills, according to documents and testimony released at a congressional hearing yesterday. Regulators supressed the negative information on the grounds that it might scare families and physicians away from the drugs, according to testimony by drug company executives. For at least three medications, they said, the FDA blocked the companies' plans to reveal the negative studies in drug labels.
People that say negative things only make me more positive.
When negative thoughts about anything – be it a person, an unhealthy habit, a circumstance or a work deadline – surround our existence, we tend to feel helpless, for our energies are draining faster than we had anticipated.
Maybe the greatest thing that I can be thankful for is the fact that God set aside a generous slice of eternity in order to create a world with brimming with amazing things to be thankful for. And because He did, we have fooled ourselves into believing that we had to create the art of being jaded just to cope.
Negativity problems come in the form of water so be a duck.
Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.
It is ignorance that is at times incomprehensible to the wise; for instance, he may not see 'the positive person' or 'the negative person' in such a black and white way as many people do. A wise man may not understand it because, as a catalyst of wisdom, but not always wise in his own eyes, even he can learn from and give back to fools. To think that an individual has absolutely nothing to offer to the table is counter-intuitively what the wise man considers to be 'the ignorance of hopelessness'.
Your business changes when you move away from negative people.
Evil mind leads to evil action.
Failure is only failure if you focus on what didn’t work rather than focusing on what could if you did it differently.
When I became really sick, I adopted continuous experimentation. Every month I would make a lifestyle change and monitor which changes were positive and which were negative. I would assume the positive changes.
There was so much dark, negative energy surrounding Dragan’s family and his paternal ancestral bloodline. These dark influences seemed to have attached to his father’s existence through his cruel and violent upbringing.
Maybe the greatest thing that I can be thankful for is the fact that God set aside a generous slice of eternity in order to create a world brimming with amazing things to be thankful for. And because He did, we have fooled ourselves into believing that we had to create the art of being jaded just to cope.
As subtle as it appears, being thankful is in fact an utterly invincible attitude that has enough muscle to handily uproot the most negative attitudes that we can conjure up. And I would think that we would be thankful that we can actually have that much power working against all our negativity.
Staying relevant and speaking in kind tones is by far, the best way to make your point. The moment you lose track, throwing out a negative comment you’ve lost your way, and get the terrible task of carrying your own negative, regretful baggage around with you. It’s senseless to create your own heavy heart.
Folks who scream the loudest get heard, and those who spew the most negative, most repeatedly, get falsely perceived as telling the truth.
Don't try to think ahead… to go ahead, DO THE FUCKING FIRST STEP… STOP WITH FUTURE NEGATIVE PROJECTION... PAST NEGATIVITE PROJECT!
Train your mind to be calm in negative situations
Too much silent always creates a negative result. Too much hiding the truth and the reality, causes refusal if anyone accepts your fake picture, your original one may come under rejection. Be bold, be fair, and direct dialogues to achieve your purpose.
One thing we shouldn't forget as people is to have fun, stop going around stuff which don't matter life is pricious and you don't have time to waste on too much negative.
My history has made me who I am today. Although people grow and move on. You never forget where you come from. It is those life experiences good or bad that help you build your foundation. It is your choice to make it positive or negative. My advice choose wisely you only have one life make the best of it. By Bonnie Zackson Koury
Being a positive person doesn’t mean you don’t feel negative emotions. It means you have faith in your ability to get through tough situations, hope for better days and the willingness to see beyond the drama.
It’s really hard to be angry when you’re grateful.
In life, we plant seeds everywhere we go.Some fall on fertile ground needing very little to grow.Some fall on rocky soil requiring a tad bit more loving care.While others fall in seemingly barren land and no matter what you do; it appears the seed is dead.Nevertheless, every seed planted will have a ripple effect.You could see it in the present or a time not seen yet.So be wise about where you plant your seeds.Be very mindful of your actions &amp; deeds.Negativity grows just as fast if not faster than positivity.Plant seeds of kindness, love and peace And your harvest will be abundant living.
Don’t diminish the value of the good in your life by focusing on the negative. You may have a lot of bad in your life but you also have a lot of good. Appreciate what you do have.
Unguarded thoughts will pave way for unworthy living, and unworthy living can earn a man an early grave.
When you release the negative experiences that are behind you, it makes room for love to move in. It’s as easy as a decision. God is patiently waiting for your reply.
Most pessimists are blinded by darkness.
If I am angry when others act negatively, I am also acting negatively.
The thing about being negative is that I can be really positive about it.
Thoughts can break walls and also erect walls, they can set a man on the path of life or the path of destruction.
There is nothing constructive about criticism… it’s always negative! Uplifting advice, on the other hand, is a rare thing of beauty!
When the internal critic puts you down using such comparisons, here's how it operates:First, it selects a single, arbitrary domain of comparison ( fame, maybe, or power).Then it acts as if that domain is the only one that is relevant. Then it contrasts you unfavorably with someone truly stellar, within that domain.It can take that final step even further, using the unbridgeable gap between you and its target of comparison as evidence for the fundamental injustice of life. That way your motivation to do anything at all can be most effectively undermined.
No man is good enough from whom we don’t learn anything negative and no man is bad enough from whom we don’t learn anything positive!
Choose to decline in negative thought so you can rise in wisdom, optimism, love, and friendship. It is always our choice how we think, act and respond to life.
If I don’t ‘see’ life as a gift I might be ‘seeing’ something, but it’s not life.
I live locked in the prison of my negative attitude. And despite the impenetrable walls that loom above me and about me, freedom is mine should I choose it. For the key of thankfulness will effortlessly open every door in every wall in every place like this one.
Worm has a negative sense whereas lover has a positive one. So, a person who enjoys reading should be called a 'book-lover', not a 'bookworm' because a worm destroys the book, but a lover loves, values, cherishes and protects it!
Am I what they call an egoist? Or am I the opposite, a man of excessively weak spirit? I really don't know myself, but since I seem in either case to be a mass of vices, I drop steadily, inevitably, into unhappiness, and I have no specific plan to stave off my descent.
Discouragers see the gloom in every room, the cloud on every silver lining, and the problem in front of every situation.
Worldly thoughts are not for those who want to make heaven, they are for those who want to remain on earth after the rapture.
Why do people die and feel unbreathing? This is because of having no hope in their lives just having no hope of living, no hope of getting what to eat, no hope of having best friends and so on. So if you ignore all those negative thoughts and you keep on doing positively what you are supposed to do, you will find yourself living many years with no reasons.
If you look for an excuse, you'll always find one.
Every time I have a negative thought about myself, I try to replace it with something positive—one of God’s truths.
Comedy is reality shown in a funny way...In life there are- Accidents- Tragedy- Drama- SadnessPleny of stuff with negative outcome...
Fairness is dealt out fairly.
weeding out the harmful influences should become the norm not the exception.
I was born to be nothing and to have nothing.
He had always thought of himself as a muddler, a sufferer, a victim.
পোকা নেতিবাচক, অন্যদিকে প্রেমী ইতিবাচক। তাই, যে মানুষটি বইপড়া উপভোগ করেন তাকে ‘বইপোকা’ না ডেকে ‘বইপ্রেমী’ ডাকা উচিত কারণ একটি পোকা বইকে ধ্বংস করে দেয়, কিন্তু একজন প্রেমী বইকে ভালোবাসেন, মূল্য দেন, লালন করেন এবং রক্ষা করেন!
I ask, ‘Is the cup half-empty or half-full?’ And when I ask that question, I am amazed at how many people have no cup.
You better go alone, than with negative people!
Everything you do has an effect on your life. It may be positive or negative. If you do positive things in your life, your life will give you positive experiences. If you live a negative life, it is a sign that you must change your actions in the day. Act more positively and your life will be more positive.
Negativity is like burning plastic: while destroying itself, it annoys everyone with its stench.
We tend to learn from bad examples, but we should take care not to use bad examples as a rationalization of our own bad behavior.
Share them with only people who can help you with information and support. When you meet negative people, zip your mouth.
If you constantly allow negative statements into your life, you run the risk of adopting such negative statements as your convictions and principles. Generally, you will have a pessimistic outlook towards life.
When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.
Negative means separating energies, while positive means unifying energies. It’s not about being ‘good’ or ‘bad’ – energy is quite neutral, actually… one just feels better. Simply imagine that being negative creates distance between the hearts of two people, while being positive brings them closer together.
So give up negative thinking and realize your potential
The negative way of thinking based on constant complaints, strains, and objections of discontent steals our energy
Siri ya utajiri ni mawazo ya mtu. Maisha unayoishi uliyataka mwenyewe. Amka uishi. Hii ndiyo siri kubwa ya utajiri kuliko zote ulimwenguni. Ukifikiria chanya maisha yako yatakuwa chanya, ukifikiria hasi maisha yako yatakuwa hasi. Unachofikiria ndicho unachokuwa. Siri ya mafanikio yako ni jumla ya mambo unayoyawaza.
Fear of failure is expressed in negative goal-setting, indecisiveness, and fear of adverse consequences
Negative thoughts about ourselves steals our energy
Our subconscious mind stores all our negative beliefs, complexes and behavioral patterns
Negative thoughts about us and our life may deprive us of our health
Negative words have a way of permeating our system and making themselves comfortable in our sub-conscious. Once they find a place in our sub-conscious, they become a stronghold.
Although these negative statements that we speak over people’s lives are ‘simple English’, they tend to be sticky and their damage is huge. Sometimes, these negative words or statements can have lasting adverse effect on the life of an individual.
Negative beliefs and complexes are obstacles to success and achievement and fulfilling goals
Positive and negative attitudes are both contagious but only one is helpful.
A man is but his state of mind.
Blow out all negative attitudes and live true to your dreams. Talks less and act more. Be confident and see yourself wining even before the victory comes.
If you believe the world is conspiring against you it will just do that; you will help on by your pessimism action to prove you are right.
You got it all wrong in your way of thinking.
I have no idea what the negatives of our picture-perfect life will look like. And, I don’t care. Because the negatives are still gonna be the picture I always envisioned: you and me.
Complexes and negative beliefs remain in our sub consciousness for a life time
The only instance where five purely-negative words have had a highly positive, motivational impact, are Winston Churchill's "Never, Never, Never, Never Give-Up".
...we spend a lot of time defining behavior by the negative "that was inappropriate." These commands are vague and inefficient...Telling students what to do in a way that is specific, concrete, sequential and observable refocuses us on teaching.
When someone is using negative speech, do not ruin your own speech.
It is not the chains of some tyrant that robs us of freedom. Rather, it is the staleness of our attitude.
Whether we know it or choose to admit it, we are either an Encourager or a Discourager. We each make a choice as to which type we will be… every day. Discouragers bring “stresspools.”I call any of those places that add unnecessary stress and aggravation “stresspools.” They are just as stinky and rotten as cesspools, but “stresspools” wreak of tension, strain, anxiety, worry, hassle, pressure, and emotional trauma.
Communication skills, quotes by susan c young, relationship quotes, how to make a great first impression, preparation quotes, motivational speaker susan young, body language quotes, mindset quotes, attitude quotes
Negative beliefs and complexes are stored in your subconscious mind and create a weakness, which will not let you succeed in life
A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, “It can’t get any worse!” You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
It matters not which partner is bringing negativity into conversations and exchanges. Toxicity has no place at all between people who have promised to love each other.
What the hell was that?” he asked no-one in particular. “Did they ram us?”“Uh – negative, sir.” Marnetti offered, reading an instrumental assessment from his display, “It seems we were hit by some kind of pulse wave generated by their jump.”“Their jump? – You mean by arriving they nearly killed us?”Marnetti nodded, continuing, “Range 0.5 kilometers, Captain. Holding steady. No recognized weapons activity.”“Damage report.” He ordered, feeling his way back into his seat, eyes glued to the viewscreen.“Shield 2 down, 1 is buckling.” Pluddeman choked.“Power stable, all systems holding steady,” Marnetti added, now rubbing some bruises.“Any communications?”“Nothing, sir. Static on all frequencies.”“What are they doing?”“Nothing, sir. Waiting maybe.”“Waiting, my ass!” Dayne barked. “They must be sizing us up!
Expectations are at war, if good feeling and discomfort clash. When we are expecting zest and joy, our good karma may be ousted by distress and frustration, if negative downbeat waves are emitted. Just with a feel of realism, without prejudice, should we step into the future. What will be, will be. Only the fortune of war will tell, since life may be war or peace. ("Fish for silence.")
Never mix negative thinking with negative people. Multiplying negatives, in this instance, won't make a positive.
To violate kingdom law is to bring negative consequences
When you feel negative energy coming your way,DOA-Dismiss On Arrival
If a man keeps on talking negatively and we scold him, what is that tantamount to? It is like kicking the door of a latrine because it smells bad; will kicking it make it smell good?
He had also forgotten that iron brands, just like rubber stamps, never looked like their imprints. They were in reverse. Langdon had been looking at the brand's negative.
Change your understanding and then even the negative side of the blessings will make you rejoice in God’s blessings
When we start to understand God, we will be offended less and we will react less to negative circumstances
God can turn everything that seems negative in our life around and make it positive, for our good
Use negative situations to gain experience
Negative emotions impact the human psyche
If you find yourself engaged in an argument that only stirs anger in the heart, quickly make peace and carry on.
Some things look negative while in reality God’s glory is been manifested
To be vulnerable to negative emotion is to lack a personal commitment to kingdom principles
أنْ يكونَ السالبُ سالبًا ، و هذا ضروري ، إذ مِن دونه لا يكون الموجبُ موجبًا ، أو قد لا يكون السالبُ سالبًا أبدًا ، وَ السالبُ الوحيد - إنْ كان شيءٌ كذلك - هو ما تعتقد بأنّه موجبٌ
It's only in Algebra that two negatives make a positive
No one needs to be around someone who dulls the shine on a brand new penny.
Both positive and negative thinking can be formed in a child
A dark thought will never lead you to the light because darkness is terrified of light.
Make correct conclusions from the negative solutions you have experienced
The past does not define me, it ignites me. The past is not a piece of me, it has placed me
To live with fake positive thoughts is suicide, but living with negative all your life is just preparing the trigger for to get shoot!
Skip the urge to respond to a road rage invitation. I find that my days are far more smooth and pleasant when I don’t give someone the leverage to annoy or stress me. Just smile, giggle to yourself, or wave “hi” with a wag of your pinky finger, if you must. But then the incident is over, and no stress or annoyance remains, at least not in my car. The self-centered driver has the negative attitude. Don’t let someone else’s poor behavior choices become contagious.
If you want to know how negative you are, pay attention to how much you hate negativity in other people. Fragile, artificial positivity needs always to be surrounded by more positivity in order to stay positive, but the ability to be positive, happy, and even, at times, appreciative around 'negative people' is the mark of real positivity.
Replace the negative traits of your character by the traits you want to have
Go through life with your eyes wide open and do not react to failures with a burst of negative emotions
The world should have balance between evil and good, positive and negative. If one is missed there isn't balance.
Negative thinking is based on complexes
It is very normal for one ugly weed to not want to stand alone.
Just say no to negative energy.
It is extremely important to be able to make negative assertions. We must be able to say what is ‘not me’ in order to have a ‘me’. What we like has no meaning unless we know what we don’t like. Our yes has no meaning if we never say no. My chosen profession has no passion if ‘just anyone would do’. Our opinions and thoughts mean very little if there is nothing we disagree with.
Everything have positive and negative side it's like Yin and yang. If you look you make a mistake for example you lost a lot of money, or you lose a friend which you can count on... If you look losing money it's a big risk it's something which is negative it's like going in casino or going to lottery you give money for bet and then you lose them it's a negative... If you look it from positive you have just learn a new lesson, what you have losed it's just one step out of the crowd, one step that you think as independent.
Self-reflection is a kind of self-judgment. The difference is just this – the former is positive and the latter is negative.
Do not allow the negative of the past to mask your sight.
Quit negative
A lion does not flinch at laughter coming from a hyena.
Set your mind free from any negative thoughts.
You won't write, won't ya??I just focus on the negative!
A gorilla does not budge from a banana thrown at it by a monkey.
One who speaks ‘completely’ negative creates karmic obstructions (antray) and ‘positive’ does not create any obstruction (antray).
Do not take negative criticisms to heart.
From mistakes you get experience, from experiments you get again expirience and there are a lot of out there positive and negative stuff which if you done you get experience. And that' experience is like in the games you are better and you are skilled person... So what would you do know? Choose experience or not?
If you want your son or daughter to be positive. Like to enjoy life and so on and so on - focus on the positive, nature, birds, quite and fast waterfalls... If you want to be negative which will mean a killer, a slaughter focus on the negative. Kill infront of the eyes a chicken slaughter it, fast and quick... do it often, read scary horror books!
The way our minds work is that one positive thing and one negative thing does not equal each other.Instead, one negative thing can drastically bring down 2 or 3 positive things.
Always, there are some goodness in bad and something bad in goodness. It is the balance of life.
What do you understand under positive??I understand a gentle move of a ball against the wall and it comes slow... so in other words slow it will happen what you will do in positive... The negative works fast it's fast and mad throwing the ball against the wall it will come fast. (That's how it works as for me!)
The importance of cultivating assumption of the best intentions in others cannot be over-estimated. Fostering this principal of, "goodness of intent,” and committing to seeing others and the world through this lens makes for a successful, happy field of vision. This enables us to put our focus and energy to positive, productive outcomes. It lends to a spirit of cooperation and encouragement which is highly effective and satisfying for most people most of the time. That being said, these "rose colored glasses," as vibrant and pleasing as they are, must not become an excuse to look the other way when something needs a different focus, or fixed. We must not let them become blinders which are obviously ineffective, often negative, and occasionally dangerous.
Stop for moment... an event has happen (Think on this, how did it happen, why it happen? Is there something like sign from the universe for your question? How positive will use this which have happen (Focus on the positive not on the negative) )... continue... now stop on this quotes (Again to the same process), find out why, how and everything else... Use this process to all stuff, it's important to show that you think!
The actual, expanded consciousness, reality of our planet is that all of life is LOVE; our very existence is LOVE. Everything that exists is just varying degrees of this LOVE; polar absolutes do not exist. Good versus evil is pure illusion. Even the most seemingly “negative” person with ill intent is still in the spectrum of love.
People can destroy people; People can also decorate. The former are misleaders; the latter are leaders.
I can't see myself on positive side, on negative I can see myself.
Reject every negativity with positive response.
The ego is what drives a self-serving individual who hates to admit they are wrong.
What if, I show the negative of something will you to do the thing which you are doing???
You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe. Always be in command of your music. Only you can control and shape its tone. If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
Sometimes doesn't mean behaving nice, means you will got the same answer, it never means that everything done in positive = returns positive.... sometimes comes and negative.
Leaders gather scattered people with the positive influence of intimacy while misleaders scatter gathered people with the negative influence of intimidation.
[Patricia Highsmith] had experienced at first hand many of Ripley's characteristics - splintered identity, insecurity, inferiority, obsession with an object of adoration, and the violence that springs from repression. Like her young anti-hero, she knew that in order to survive, it was necessary to prop oneself up with a psychological fantasy of one's own making. 'Happiness, for me, is a matter of imagination,' she wrote in her notebook while writing The Talented Mr. Ripley. 'Existence is a matter of unconscious elimination of negative and pessimistic thinking. I mean, to survive at all. And this applies to everyone. We are all suicides under the skin, and under the surface of our lives.
Opinions of others may temporary influence your decisions.But you ought to follow your own inner voice.
There is no reason to contain your positive thoughts, words and emotions and many reasons to control your negative ones. Are you making the right choices?
We’ win over ‘negative’ with ‘positive’.
You must resist negative thoughts, negative criticism and negative influences.
Positive mindset, positive lifestyle.
Every lateness give us a staggering statistics in negative economic effect
Words are life. Positive words create positive life.
Pay no attention to toxic words. What people say is often a reflection of themselves, not you.
If life throws you a few bad notes, don't let them interrupt your song.
Let go of all the negative thoughts. Fill your mind with positive thoughts.
A leader does not reduce his speeds to meet the views of negative thinkers. He leaves them to do their job as he focuses.
Choose positive attitude over a negative attitude.
The behaviour and attitude of another person's towards you reflect their state of inner self and mindset.
Don’t believe the negative criticisms.
Beware of those who speak negatively about everything and everybody. A negative person will never say a positive thing about you.
Why dwell on negative thoughts? When you can think positively.
It is better to be positive than negative.
You attract what you think of.
Positive thinking is the power of the mind.
If you lose faith, then you begin to fear.
It is better to think positive than dwell on negative thoughts.
Repeated words tend to become the outcomes of one's life in the course of time. So why not talk your way into success and happiness?
Negative thinking saps strength.
Leaders don't fall in gutters of fear; only negative ideas flow in that canal. There, you will see filthy things like doubts and disbelief.
Negative thought saps a person’s strength.Positive thought is healthy to the soul.
Life is a struggle with innerself.
Beware; satan visits you by the noises of negatively minded people. Hear, but don't act on it!
What you fear is what you must conquer.
A positive mind is the sharpest tool that brings down the monuments of failure. The quickest way to fail is to murder your mind with negative thoughts!
One excuse, could destroy a multitude of chances.
Too often we give up due to temporal challenge.
When people pressure you to engage in negative decisions and actions, look at them boldly in the eyes and dare them to do good.
Don’t be deceived; who they say you are, is not who you become. You become who you think you are. You take the chair in your own programmings!
The reality is that we will continue to hear negative information from many sources. It lies in our will to decide whether to discard them into the waste bin or record them into our brains!
The light within us gives power for good actions.
Dare to rise, when all voices behind you say you can’t get there, ignore them and move on… it’s not about the talents and gifts you have; it’s about how wise you optimize them!
Your dominion has nothing to do with a negative person's opinion. Flee from people who only hung on passport-size dreams and you'll see your bigger picture! Go for the big one!
Negativity may misguide a person to see daylight as moonlight; and then he goes to sleep instead of rising up to work. No every irresponsible act is caused by laziness; negative attitudes take a bigger share!
Craving for power, titles and promotion to high places is not a tool for carving impacts in the heart the world. High positions polluted by bad character are the poisons that dehydrate the world of positive virtues.
Any good thing will be ruined by talking negatively about it; similarly bad thing will improve by speaking positive about it.
To live with a mind full of grudges and jealousy, is to bargain to be constantly punished by negative feelings and emotions.
Your brand is that ADHESIVE image you carry, that has the ability to STICK to the minds of people you meet physically or otherwise. Brand yourself positively because whoever gets to know you when passing by takes your image along!
Many people are living unhappily because they keep trying to experience happiness without evicting the negative thoughts and beliefs that are vandalizing their minds.
Ignore negative criticisms, focus on positive thoughts.
Better ask God to change you, rather than to change your situations for you. Your situations may change, but if you still have a negative attitude, you are likely to take that great change for granted! Change You!
Nothing would ever break you without first seeking shelter in your mind. This is why you must not bargain with thoughts and beliefs that speak nothing less than success and happiness.
DEPORT yourself from the coast of negative attitudes and you will give your dreams a lift up from a level of high concentration of repeated failure to an indelible success! God is with you!
Impossibilitarians are defeated before the battle even begins. The best attitude that accommodates failure is disbelief. You can't do it because you believe you can't! You can do it because you believe you can!
Life is full of positive and negative experiences, but the quality of one's life will always depend on the ones that dominate one's focus the most.
To be happy, you must let go of all the negative beliefs, emotions and people that are holding you back in life.
Be careful with the kind of company you keep, because behaviors and habits are very contagious.
Kutakuwepo na nguvu za hasi na chanya katika maisha yako kadiri utakavyoishi hapa duniani. Ukiruhusu mwili wako utawaliwe na hasi utakuwa hasi. Ukiruhusu mwili wako utawaliwe na chanya utakuwa chanya. Shetani hawezi kuona ndani ya moyo wako hadi wewe wenyewe umwonyeshe. Ukionyesha tamaa ya uzinzi atakupa uzinzi. Ukionyesha tamaa ya ulevi atakupa ulevi. Ukionyesha tamaa ya wizi atakupa wizi, na kadhalika. Kadiri utavyojitahidi kuwa chanya ndivyo utakavyozidi kuwa chanya; na kadiri utavyojitahidi kuwa hasi ndivyo utakavyozidi kuwa hasi. Usipambane na Shetani katika dunia hii ambapo yeye ndiye mtawala. Pambana na Shetani katika dunia ya kiroho ambapo Shetani hana nguvu yoyote dhidi ya Yesu Kristo.
Naysayers are frightened of their own power.
Kutakuwepo na nguvu za chanya na hasi katika maisha yako kadiri utakavyoishi hapa duniani. Ukiruhusu moyo wako kuwa chanya utakuwa chanya. Ukiruhusu moyo wako kuwa hasi utakuwa hasi. Shetani hawezi kuona ndani ya moyo wako mpaka wewe mwenyewe umwonyeshe. Ukionyesha chanya Mungu atakupa chanya. Ukionyesha hasi Shetani atakupa hasi.
Refuse to accept anything negative, which you see around you. Declare in the spiritual realm what God is saying.
A lot of people have attained financial success in the negative and positive directions, but we are yet to see anyone achieve a happy life in the negative direction.
Cut out all these exclamation points. An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.
You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts...but you cannot deny he's got style...
The human body is the best work of art.
I think of how perhaps the best way to fly would be with hands full of earth, so you always remember where you came from.
Remy: Did you really believe, that first day, that we were meant to be together?Dexter: You're here, aren't you?
And for one second, it was like I could feel the timing clicking together, finally pieces falling into place.
This is the strangest life I have ever known.
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth;whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul;whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses,and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet;and especially when my hypos get such an upper hand of me,that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people's hats off-then, I account it high time to get to a bookstore as soon as I can.That is my substitute for the pistol and ball.
That's what this has been all about for you, correct? Make it clear. That you and me--it was nothing more that you'll have with Spinnerbait boy, or the guy after that, or the guy after that. Right?""Yeah, I said, shrugging. "You're right."He just stood there, looking at me, as if I had actually changed before his eyes. But this was the girl I'd been all along. I'd just hidden her well.
You're not alone, there is more to this I know. You can make it out, you will live to tell.
Wild animals are less wild and more human than many humans of this world
You care because God gave you this unusual blessing: a burden to make a difference.
She asked God to use this experience to help my heart break forever for those who don't know Christ.
She recalled how Pauline had fallen off a bus one night, late, went skidding into Creedmoor. In a novel, it would have portended the fall they were all about to take
If you pour everything you have into this life, this world, which is temporary and fading, you're jeopardizing your relationship with God, the only thing that's eternal.
While both these statements refer to eggs, the main difference between these two rather irking statements is this: omelets do not come from chickens – it is eggs which come from chickens. Omelets on the other hand, are an entirely Human invention. Humans being here, the ‘middle man’ as it were.
It’s this or nothing at all.
Sex joins two people spiritually and emotionally as well as physically. This is its purpose-to bond a couple together. Sex connects and fuses people together.
God decided that this time in history was perfect for you to glorify Him and make an eternal difference. So God gave you unique gifts, talents, passions, and experiences to propel you into your life purpose.
Let's put it like this... Deeper Level is a place in which I can put in everything exploits and then to share everything.... to make everything viral.
Without someone speaking into your life and keeping you on track with the things you believe, you have a tendency to drift into habitual sin- and you recognize this about yourself.
Advocacy groups in the USA, as in other countries, may not be able to silence this hateful, cowardly and deceitful attack upon people’s humanity – but they can put out the correct, factual, scientifically and medically accurate information in an attempt to counter the ignorance and to restore the balance.
I can promise you this: If you really, sincerely, genuinely want God back, He hasn't moved. He's still there, just like always, ready to bear-hug you again, just like in the old days.
Everyone got a follower, how good or bad is all this shit, it's another topic… JUst leave it for later.
These mods made significant improvements to the cars – enough so that I changed my mind (another procedure altogether) every time I thought of selling the damn thing and buying a Toyota. I hope you benefit from this and preserve your ailing finances!Good luck!
So this is going to be drill!?
Being captain of such a vessel was not a stressful job, despite the sheer size of the thing. Everything was automated, and this meant that this behemoth could be efficiently handled by a far less seasoned captain. Besides, hiring mature skippers with actual experience would cost real money. And hey, the computers ran everything anyway – and that’s how Bran Johannsen enters this story – as a fine young inexperienced graduate of the Merchant Space Academy in Mars City, who only got his Executive Officer’s ticket four short years ago.
Yes, yes I blocked porn but this didn't stopped me from the real desire to watch videos... Still somewhere there was inside me a piece which wanted to watch few videos and one another piece which was ready already to start doing the physical thing.
Subtly, she was telling him that she had her own life, her own business. An independent woman could always leave.
So assume this:"The moment you met them, they became your friends.
This was true, she knew. Being involved with him gave her the privileged position of knowing him intimately. There were nights when he would wake up sweating, the nightmares returning out of the blue after a peaceful period sometimes weeks long. Growing up in the middle of a fierce civil war could indelibly mark a child. To Mykl, birthdays were always just another year under the belt, where the only reason to celebrate was that you weren’t dead yet. She took his hand, squeezed it tight and led him inside.
People attacking a group from outside will simply cause that group to close ranks and unify and become even stronger – which is why, knowing this, they will try to attack the group from the inside and turn parts of the whole against itself.
This beep is not music
We are made of all those who have built and broken us.
She conquered her demons and wore her scars like wings. 
Behind him, he heard Ronan say, "I like the way you losers thought Instagram before first aid. Fuck off.
Watch carefully the magic that occurswhen you give a person enough comfort to just be themselves.
I think it’s beautifulthe way you sparkle when you talk about the things you love.
I hope to arrive at my death, late, in love, and a little drunk. 
She was afraid of heightsbut she was much more afraid of never flying.
There is nothing prettier in thewhole wide world than a girlin lovewith every breath she takes.
A sky full of starsand he was staring at her. —ATTICUS
She had just enough madness to make her interesting
It was her chaos that made her beautiful. 
Brushing a girl’s hair behind her earonce a daywill solve more problemsthan all thosetherapists and drugs.
I worry there is something broken in our generation,there are too many sad eyes on happy faces.
Depression is being colorblind and constantly told how colorful the world is.
It was never the way she lookedalways the way she wasI would have fallen in love with her with my eyes closed.
That was her magic— she could still see the sunseteven on those darkest days.
She wore the moonlight like lingerie. 
The prettiest girls shine brightest in the dark. 
Time is all we have and don’t. 
Love her but leave her wild 
Our songslive longer thanour kingdoms.
I WANT TO BE WITH SOMEONE WHO DREAMS OF DOING EVERYTHING IN LIFEAND NOTHING ON RAINY SUNDAY AFTERNOONS.
I aspire to be an old man with an old wife laughing at old jokes from a wild youth.
The beautiful thing about young love is the truth in our hearts that it will last forever.
What a strange world.  We trade our days for things.
Chase your stars fool, life is short. 
What good are wings without the courage to fly?
I will follow you, my love, to the edge of all our days,to our very last tomorrows.
You deserve to be the person you were meant to be. 
I let her gobecause I knew she could do betterand now she's goneI wonderif I should've just been better.
How different would people act if they couldn't show off on social media? Would they still do it?
Sometimes I want a quiet lifeother timesI want to go a little bit fucking Gatsby.
She was not for everyone but she was for me. 
I have seen your darkest nights and brightest days and I want you to knowthat I will be here forever loving you in dusk.
A few drinks and the world was hers— she wore her whiskey like a loaded gun.
There’s too much risk in loving,’the young boy said,‘no,’said the old man,‘there’s too much risk in not.
Don't worry— 	you see,  to some you are magic.
We are all born free and spend a lifetime becoming slaves to our own false truths.
From the moment I saw her I knew this onewas worththebroken heart.
We were strange in loveher and I too wild to last too rare to die.
She was another broken doll dreaming of a boy with glue. 
Art takes time—Monet grew his gardensbefore he painted them.
Thinking of you is a poison I drink often. 
She was everything real in a world of make-believe. 
As he took her handhe gave herall she had beenwaiting for--a shiverdown her spine.
It's a lonelything, protecting a breakable heart
You and I will be  lost and found a thousand times along this cobbled road of us.
We humans are so tortured by not properly guessing what will make us happy.
People who smile while they are alone used to be called insane, until we invented smartphones and social media.
Put a girl in moonlightand tell only truthsand every man becomes a poet.
From the first cup of coffee in the morning to playing in the sheets at night, I choose you to be by my side.
LIFE IS A JOURNEYTO FIND THE PEOPLEWEIRD LIKE YOU. —ATTICUS
LOVE COULD BE LABLEDPOISON AND WE’D DRINK IT ANYWAYS.
Adventure runs on all sorts of whiskey. 
Storm in her eyes, peace in her smile
She wore his love like a loaded gun. 
I am a dreamer, neither lost or found. Waiting for a story worth dreaming, forever.
It was a time before Facebook and Instagram and texting. I imagine it must be easier now, for college students. Home must not feel so far away anymore. But how do you cut the apron strings if the strings are virtual?
In the many ways that I could lose myself, I chose to lose myself in you.
From this point forth, find me nowhere,Socially unseen,Just on the back porch, without a careAnd without a screen
Soulmates feel like a deep breath of forever
Pain creates the best writers and sometimes lovers too.
Storm in her eyes, peace in her smile.
Smile of heaven with fire in her eyes.
I kept the depth of a universe in me butyou never looked at the skies anyway.
I want to destroy you.I want to ruin you.Pure madness isn`t it?As deep as I loveas deep I can hurt,as imperfect I amas perfect I can be.I am a total mess,a beautiful disaster,curse and bless,worth of love,worth of hate.
Listen, some wars are silent.
She`s been through hell but she wore her smile so damn heavenly.
Hearts become ashes, but souls burn forever.
She was pure chaos with a touch of disasterand god damn did I love drama.
Simply uploading a video on YouTube doesn’t make you a star overnight. Most successful YouTubers, strategically use social media and SEO traffic building tools to grow their audience. Here are a few tools to help you dominate YouTube in 2020.
The world left me cold, foolish of me to think, that the sun dying for the moon, would give the warmth back. Sunsets were always cold.
Sad eyes, once had happy stories to tell.
When you sign up for Instagram, you are agreeing to their terms of service. When you put content up, you agree that while you own the content you are giving them rights to it as well. This did not go into effect recently. This is common place for many social sites. And you can not post a picture with a statement saying that you do not agree to the agreement you have already agreed to by using the site.
Oh how I could recognize lips that thirst for passion.
Life is just a momentbetween birth and death,just a deep, deep breathfull of dreams and memories.
Bruised egos never rest well in a lovers nest.
In distance we seek what we call home, the mad city where we belong.
From the moment I saw her I knew this one was worth a broken heart.
Cheers to my old flames and all the lovers I haven't kissed yet.
She knew she was really sad when she stopped loving the things she loved.
If only one could follow one's dreams as easily as one follows others on Twitter and Instagram! ~Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu
I made her go because I knew she could do better and now I wonder if I should have just been better.
Darling, all I askBe young at heart, Be playful, Scream passion And love me tender.
She wasn’t scared to walk away, she was scared he wouldn’t follow.
A picture is a reflection of the dreams, vision, missions and goals hidden within. Look beyond what you see.
He was the one that healed her, that made her scars feel beautiful.
We just want the world to love the little monsters that we are.
Boys learn too late that being the man, is not the same thing as being a man.
A soul mate would be great, but at some point I'd settle for someone who gets back to text messages.
I am not perfect for you, but I will always imperfectly try to be.
We all wear scars, find someone who makes yours feel beautiful.
Her love was like endless summer nights-unforgettable.
People in the modern world are the most bored generation. They keep refreshing their Facebook, Instagram and Twitter pages to see if something interesting is happening. They would switch on their television sets every now and then with the hope to see some interesting content on it. If nothing works, they plan to dine out, go for a holiday or join a club to get rid of the boredom.
To a poet every curve of her was a well place word.
Come close - let our hearts beat like one, we'll be the two that became one.Love is the rhythm of our night.
A withering gem at the heartOf a dying river—Majuli
From the sun to the moonFrom the clouds to the stars You are living in a painting under the skies
I just need you and some sunsets. 
As the river that flows freely, your mind drives me to look at the cages that I have built around me.
My atoms love you atoms, it’s chemistry. 
Our story is the kind that sets emotions on fire
The was her magic, she could still see the sunset even on those darkest days.
I think i should get love inked on my skin.Maybe that's the only way i am destined to keep it.
During the late nights,when my eyes are a little sunken,and heart is a little full.When my brain is a little poetic,and soul is a little dull.I pull,my phone and scroll,the Instagram.At that moment I feel how I,don't belong.Not to this.Not to this, which is everythingperfect and everything bliss.The uphill battle,the tough grind,the donkey work- we all do.and we all want to decline.We end up opening Instagram,to put up a false pretty ME,and a fake perfect AM
It sometime takes a long time and a hard time to realize he just doesn’t deserve your you.
In the future,Instagram will be seen as an antiquity. Anyone remember Hi-5 or Myspace?Know then know life constantly evolves. So, lift your eyes off your phoneand be present with the only part of evolution that would always stay with you: YOURSELF.
Bring your playful soul
The hardest step we all must take is blindly trust in who we are.
You are enough, a thousand times enough.
She had the whisky licking, skinny dipping smile.
In your lips I taste all that is living.
Storm in her eyes, peace in her smile.
Don’t give up now, chance are your best kiss your hardest laugh and your greatest day are still yet to come.
There is always a glimmer in those who have been through the dark.
Where wild souls meet wild lovers is where hurricanes are made.
Find someone and live in awe of them.
Do not fall in love with me, for I will break your heart, long before you realize, you were going to break mine.
Just enough madness to make her interesting
She was always wild but he had made her free.
Time is all we have and don’t.
Love blends our souls in the most aesthetic enjoyment
Some nights you drink tea, some nights you drink whisky.
What a strange world, we trade our days for things.
There are magnets in my bones for that iron in her blood.
Love is when eyes collide and hearts collapse.
It’s always safe to do nothing when it rains.
She wore moonlight like lingerie.
Sometimes I want a quiet life, other times I want to go a little bit fucking Gatsby.
I'll love you, but just this twice.
The world is made up of too many girls wondering if they are pretty and too many boys too shy to tell them.
Publishing a book,Watching its waysForce me to lookAt a screen for days"Be still, be still",My heart screams for lifeBut I must check its sales,It's reviews, its likes.Another Instagram poetWho's dying And doesn't know it,Untying an underlyingKnot of desireTo be liked and admiredFor people to love what transpires From my mind, but I'm tiredOf the social machineProducing my insecurityHoping someone will follow meAnd like all my poetryFrom this point forth, find me nowhere,Socially unseen,Just on the back porch, without a careAnd without a screen
She wore compliments like diamonds.
I've spent a life chasing stories to tell when I'm old.
It’s a lonely thing protecting a breakable heart.
Kehidupan itu seperti air yang mengalir; Tidak ada yang salah dengan itu, selama membiarkannya mengalir. Kebencian itu seperti air yang tergenang; kemarahan yang ditolak sendiri, kebebasan untuk merasakan, kebebasan mengalir;Air yang dikumpulkan di satu tempat dan melupakan kebenaran.Air yang jernih menjadi kotor, bau, penuh penyakit, beracun, mematikan; itu adalah kebencianmu!Jadi, biarkan diri ini menikmati kehidupan, biarkan air mengalir, bersama dengan semua pengampunan... Jadilah manusia!!!
I think there is something broken in our generation, there are so many sad eyes on happy faces.
I hope to arrive at my death, late, in love, and a little drunk.
The truth is sometimes you can both do better.
One touch, one kiss and a leap of faith - the heart will forever be claimed
Silly girl, your different was your beautiful all along.
She was not for everyone but she was for me.
Adventure runs on all sorts of whiskey.
Keep your head up, he said, you are a lion, don’t forget that and neither will the sheep.
Unexplainable is your presence, making me want to become a poet to highlight your essence.
My heart belonged to her but she never belonged to me.She belonged to her passions and her heart's desires.
Unexplainable is your presence, making me want to become a poet to highlight your essence.
I don’t believe in magic,” the young boy said, the old man smiled, “you will, when you see her.
Don’t be scared to change the prince’s name in your story.
Her love was as wild as the flames that made her. She was not the one to be tamed but loved from far.
Just like the most beautiful symphonies my words are my piano keys.
Years has passed and my eager heart stands.Until we meet again love is an uncertainty that I'll pass.I had all but one to give, this heart of mine that is yours still.
Your eyes gaze into mine - a tender discovery of your heart speaking to mine.
She was powerful not because she wasn’t scared but because she went on so strongly despite the fear.
Even though we could never be it was my favorite kind of love story - the one without a beginning or an ending.
It was her chaos that made her beautiful.
The moonlight gave us courage and the fire made us rebels.
When I read most writers writing on internet ( Instagram in particular) all I ever get to read is about being in love, or falling in love, or surviving a heart-break! I never in my worst nightmare ever thought that life is only that!
The Love rush. Sensation only felt by the seduced mind and body under the command of it.
From the first cup of coffee in the morning to playing in the sheets at night, I choose you to be by my side.
You deserve to be the person you were meant to be.
Instagram provides us with endless distorted versions of what beauty, love, relationships, friendships, and happiness look like in real life.
One touch, one kiss and a leap of faith - the heart will forever be claimed
Met a girl at Starbucks who ordered a coffee and didn't Instagram it. The alien invasion has started, I guess.
Dan kopi tak pernah memilih siapa yang layak menikmatinya. karna dihadapan kopi kita semua sama.
She wore his love like a loaded gun.
Break my heart and you will find yourself inside.
Social media is the only vehicle I know that progresses forward while the passengers regress.
A poet if anything must be a poet and far more than just a writer of words. The poet is the storyteller, the shaman, the jester and the rogue. The poet lives in the world of language and imagination, love, death &amp; obsession and yet still sees the universe in the smallest of everyday things that we merely take for granted.
Muses don't come by everyday and most of them have an expiration date
Apa aku harus jadi indomie goreng dan rebus biar jadi seleramu?
Don’t find her and lose you. Find her to find you.
A sky full of stars and he was staring at her.
Kalau ada yang nyari gua bilangin gua lagi minggat ke suatu tempat ,yang berada di luar jangkauan sinyal hati kamu &amp; telepon seluler..
Itu muka apa papan karambol isinya bedak semua.. wkwk..
Dalam dunia perbujangan..orang yang menikung pacar teman disebut sampah.. Tapi orang yang meninggalkan ngopi derajatnya lebih rendah dari pada sampah
Love could be labeled poison and we’d drink it anyways.
Mau aja dibohongi sama iklan, kalau minum susu sapi bisa pinter, emangnya udah pernah liat gitu anak sapi jadi sarjana?
Habisnya kopi meninggalkan ampas, walau pahit itu lebih baik darimu yang pergi tanpameninggalkan apapun.
I keep having the same unkind thought: I am preparing for death and everyone else is on Instagram. I know it's not fair, that life is hard for everyone, but I sometimes feel like I'm the only one in the world who is dying. We're all sinking slowly but one day while everyone watches, I will run out of air, I am going to go under. Even explaining it, I feel more and more frantic. There will be a day when I can't take my next breath and I will drown.
My atoms love your atoms, it’s chemistry.
Self-Obsession &amp; Self-Presentation on Social-Media"Some people always post their cars/bikes photos because they love their cars/bikes so much.Some people always post their dogs/cats/birds/fish/pets photos because they love their pets so much. Some people always post their children’s/families photos because they love their children/families so much.Some people always post their daily happy/sad moments because they love sharing their daily lives so much.Some people always post their poems/songs/novels/writings because they love being poets/lyricists/novelists/writers so much.Some people always copy paste other people’s writings/quotes without mentioning the actual writers name because they love seeking attention/fame so much. [Unacceptable &amp; Illegal]Some people always post their plants/garden’s photos because they love planting/gardening so much. Some people always post their art/paintings because they love their creativity so much.Some people always post their home-made food because they love cooking/thoughtful-presentation so much. Some people always post their makeup/hairstyles selfies because they love wearing makeup/doing hair so much. Some people always post their party related photos because they love those parties so much.Some people always post their travel related photos because they love traveling so much. Some people always post their selfies because they love taking selfies so much.Some people always post restaurant/street-foods because they love eating in restaurants/streets so much. Some people always post their job-related photos because they love their jobs so much.Some people always post religious things because they love spreading their religion so much. Some people always post political things because they love politics/power so much.Some people always post inspirational messages because they love being spiritual. Some people always share others posts because they love sharing links so much.Some people always post their creative photographs because they love photography so much. Some people always post their business-related products because they love advertising so much.And some people always post complaints about other people’s post because they love complaining so much
We live in a world where we will share everything about celebrities on social media but our friend's business posts are invisible.
Kalo lu dibilang kacang lupa kulitnya jawab aja gue kacang ijo..Sekian..
Lalu, ketika menulis kisah kita... Gue akan tetap menjaga pena-nya, agar orang lain tidak ikut menulis disepanjang cerita..Dan untuk semua yang telah tertulis.... BLESSED!!
Peduli entah darimana berasal - atau bagaimanapun perasaannya.. Selalu ada kedamaian yang kuat dalam secangkir kopi..
Her heart was wild, but I didn’t want to catch it, I wanted to run with it, to set me free.
Manusia diciptakan berpasang-pasangan. Kalau kamu terus-terusan sendiri, mungkin pasanganmu dulu di aborsi.
It is such a pity how some peopleAre dead long before their hearts stop beating.
Jomblo itu enak, hatinya kosong bisa buat nginepin pacar orang....
Songs live longer than kingdoms.
Kopiku tak pernah butuh gula. Ia hanya butuh manisnya janji masa lalumu. Sekarang? Hanya ampas yang tersisa. Pahit dan sakit.
Just as one goes on a fast or a body cleanse you owe it to yourselves to detox your mind, it will not be easy but easy never yielded lasting results.
Hidup itu seperti ban, kadang diatas kadang dibawah. Kalo kamu dibawah mulu, mungkin ban kamu ban cadangan
THE HARDESTSTEPWE ALL MUST TAKEIS TO BLINDLY TRUST IN WHO WE ARE. - ATTICUS
I feel like girls who drink whisky tell good stories.
Jodoh ga akan kemana, masalahnya dimana? Dengan siapa? Semalam berbuat apa?
She found herselfover a long and treacherous roadand the more treacherous the road became,the more of herselfshe found.
THE RIGHTPOEM FINDS US EXACTLY WHEN IT NEEDS TO.—ATTICUS
Displaying it on Twitter.Validation is the trigger. Eager to please the eyes of few, we'll go a mile or two. Definition of Love is only clicks away, in a crowded platform that is the bible of today. 
Ngopi dulu gaes biar bisa membedakan mana idgham bighunnah dan mana idgham bilaghunnah
Wild west boys 2013I'm back in a sweet bodyof beers and black dragonflies.The censures of your world have lost their balancein the brutes that can not be pampered.And the sun has devoured itselfas a beggar in your instagramIn truth, your rainbow gravityit is the Evil ...Not even a lemon diesel train can escape.Just remember that I'm here.And that never a beggar loses his balance:All use facebook or instagram.But I'm here!Hello, dirty bitch!Hello fatal universe! ....You can not spoil me!I'm back in a sweet bodyof beers and black dragonfliesYou can not look at me!.
True artcomes from flying with the madnessso close you burn your eyelashes.
I’ll let you into my heart but wipe your feet at the door.
The first few days felt quite surreal for gone was that filtered world of perfect angles made up of peoples’ best moments and selves. Gone was the wormhole that one jumped into at the sign of any awkward silence or pause in conversation.
There will alwaysa glimmer in thosewho have been through the dark.
Come, my darling,it is never too late to begin our love again.
Non of us really knew, it was never about solving the mystery, it was about keeping it.
She was cool— the whole world seemed to spin around her in smooth jazz.
She sat in her perfect house, with her perfect husband, wishing that her perfect life would end.
She walkedthrough her lifeheavyfrom themighty wingsupon her back.
Displaying it on Twitter, validation is the trigger. Eager to please the eyes of few, we'll go a mile or two. Definition of love is only clicks away, in a crowded platform that is the bible of today. 
One day I’ll paint the perfect sunset-- if I can only find the words.
Keep away from the kinship of the individuals who continually ask and examine the imperfections of others.
Words 	will 	scratch 	more 	hearts 	than 	swords.
EVERYTHINGWE LOVE ISWELL ARRANGED DUST. - ATTICUS
Poetry, is a life long war wagedagainst ineffable beauty.
I just need you and some sunsets.
Break my heart and you will find yourself inside. 
Dat moment dat je dochter je begint te volgen op instagram, en je denkt, fuck, ik doe niks op instagram. Misschien moet ik iets op instagram gaan doen anders volgt ze me voor niks.
Songs live longer than kingdoms. 
The prettiest girls shine brightest in the dark.
We are imperfect creatures created with egotistical defects, insecurities and an incomprehensible desire for perfection and the excessive use of social media feeds the raging fires within, most of the time adding salt to wounds we never knew existed and at times creating new ones.
When it comes to love we are primates breaking stickswhile pointing to our hearts.
Somethings are better left unsent.
Since social media arrived social skills have declined. Fake became real and narcissists thrive!
Drugs to mehave always beena pretty girl with a sly smilebeckoning mewith a finger down the dark path of a fork in the road.
You're just another one of those disconnected, easily angered zombies who haven't really worked a day in their lives. Always eager to tell other people how to live and what to say. Posting pictures of their food every single day because that's a fucking achievement for them. Preparing a meal. You know, that thing you're supposed to do so you don't starve to death?
I LIVE MY LIFESO HAPPILY IN CRAZY WITH HER.
The Arab poet Silm Al Khaser wrote “He who watches people dies of worry” and his words have never been more potent than in today’s world where all people do is watch others and cater to them in return.
What social-media really becomes after years of use is a constant stream of information both verbal and visual that at first drenches the mind, quenching its thirst for knowledge, and subduing its curiosity slowly but surly transforms into a torrent that renders the brain heavy and the mind restless.
Mainlah yang jauhan sana, kayak sapu ijuk aja nyender mulu di tembok rumah.
Moveon itu Pilihan, Gagal Moveon itu cobaan, dan pura-pura Moveon itu pencitraan
Chicos del salvajes oeste (2013) Estoy de vuelta en un dulce cuerpode cervezas y libélulas negras.Las censuras de tu mundohan perdido su equilibrio en los brutos que no puede mimar.Y el sol se ha devorado a si mismocomo un mendigo en tu instagramEn verdad, tu gravedad de arco irises el mal…Ni un tren diesel limón puede escapar.Solo recuerda que estoy aca.Y que ningún mendigo puede jamás perder el equilibrio:todos usan facebook o instagram.Pero yo estoy aca!Hola sucia Perra!Hola universo fatal!....A mi, no me puedes mimar!Estoy de vuelta en un dulce cuerpode cervezas y libélulas negrasA mi no me puedes mirar!.
If you are on social media, and you are not learning, not laughing, not being inspired or not networking, then you are using it wrong.
Don't ask her to be a rock for you to lean uponinstead, build her wingsand point her to the skyand she will teach you both to fly.
And the stars blinked as they watched her carefully jealous of the way she shone.
She was too busy wishing on shooting stars	 to see the dreams come true around her.
We are loved way more by some of the people who have not contacted us in the last twelve or so months than we are loved by some of those who contact us every twelve or so days … or hours.
Millennials (aka Generation Y) are great at social media (Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, Twitter,Tumblr, Instagram, Flickr, Snapchat, Pinterest, YouTube, Vimeo, and Periscope) but lack time tested social skills ( patience, humility, active listening, respect for parents, teachers, elderly)
